 anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   -lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal . and they are struggling in the aftermath . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . this the bacteria found on one five pound note .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   since winning the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004 the portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits .   jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , the sun reported .   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act . 
 the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . 
 justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .   rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . 
 on his way to britain : zbigniew huminski -lrb- left -rrb- , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe -lrb- right -rrb- , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk '   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken .   zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   a couple who lost their homes and were almost killed in hurricane sandy are celebrating a whirlwind of good fortune after winning more than $ 250,000 in the lottery . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez . 
 stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house -lrb- pictured -rrb- .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .   it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb . 
 the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season .   following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy . 
 theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . 
 skating with a full face mask during practice , the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin , the detroit free press reports .   ' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday . ` very lucky '   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators . 
 arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season . 
 fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   talk time : apple said the watch can be used for up to three hours for calls . 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   world no 3 murray is set to marry his fiancee sears in dunblane next saturday .   andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final . 
 paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   a former eurovision contestant running for parliament could still be elected as an mp despite dying two days ago . 
 her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   britt mchenry is back to work . 
 a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   tech-savvy mum chloe , who designed the new app , with baby lola , now three months . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   called the chevrolet-fnr , it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features . 
 it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness . 
 chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash . 
 godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   however , despite the fact that mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .   in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian . 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . 
 they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   career criminal : noel ` razor ' smith , who has 58 convictions and spent 32 years in prison , said the group was likely brought together by a ` mr big ' 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole . 
 the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   photos taken by rescuers , including the krabi marine police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking . 
 the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .   westerners might assume that boko haram 's major target is the christian south but , in fact , its war is as much against nonfundamentalist muslims as it is non-muslims , and its attacks have generally been focused on islamic population centers . 
 resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . 
 a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver . 
 denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years . 
 suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   terreni 's official blood alcohol reading was .375 , according to wistv . 
 a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released . 
 unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   for one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route . 
 ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine . 
 only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   mcilroy was all smiles with his caddy niall horan of one direction during the par-3 contest on wednesday . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   aston villa winger shaun maloney -lrb- right -rrb- scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk . 
 the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   bates is now charged with second-degree manslaughter . if convicted , he faces up to four years in prison . 
 off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . 
 under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 . 
 the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap .   a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances .   this is one of several videos that dayna has created . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   kamal presents india 's virat kohli with a man of the match award during the 2014 world twenty20 . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century '   floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight . 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . 
 the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own . 
 manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   centre-back - kolo toure -lrb- liverpool -rrb- . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   ' i just feel like it really shows our friendship to the next level of where it actually is but people might not see behind closed doors , ' mikenzy told wbay .   unforgettable night : mikenzy , who wore a black mermaid gown , posed with her friends for some pre-prom photos . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check .   an attorney for his estranged wife confirmed shemansky 's failure to appear for the scheduled visit . 
 thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena . 
 sentence dropped : domenico rancadore -lrb- right and left -rrb- fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour '   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load . 
 the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike . 
 the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   accusing chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts . 
 kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world . 
 david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week . 
 the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . 
 before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   but that was just the start for hillary clinton 's most trusted aide huma abedin . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   the name gary - once one of the most popular name in britain - is now heading for extinction . 
 now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   because it 's not just a hit single stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts .   stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .   with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . 
 make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   unique : the iconic icebergs pool was drained on thursday to create a spectacular seaside catwalk for ten pieces .   metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything . 
 for prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of team sky and sir bradley wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions .   prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire . 
 another came from reveller in basildon , essex , who said ` i 've dropped my burger and it is bleeding ' , while a third woman in chelmsford , dialled 999 to report ` i 've eaten too much takeaway food . '   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest .   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs . 
 as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday . 
 inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   located steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy pigalle district .   the celestial spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ` stars ' and can be booked out for private use . 
 steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   finn smiles as he helps launch ecb 's club open days on tuesday at brondesbury cricket club . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   a holidaymaker who jetted off to cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage . 
 the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 . 
 one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . 
 liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   rodgers talks to sterling during friday 's training session ahead of fa cup semi-final against aston villa .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling . 
 one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons . 
 brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   the european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   adebayor -lrb- right -rrb- is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino -lrb- centre -rrb- .   adebayor will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent move . 
 john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . 
 mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 . 
 after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program . 
 the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   both starrs and tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses . 
 the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season . 
 kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career .   pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago . 
 froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now .   carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   another option for froch could be a rematch with ward , should the american beat paul smith . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour on saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
 authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred . 