 anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . this the bacteria found on one five pound note .   the students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   porto have reached the last eight of this year 's champions league and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004 .   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   she has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move . 
 justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .   rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .   rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the loving couple met after they separately moved from new york to a trailer park in connecticut , after they lost their homes . during the storms ms diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house . both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game .   the collision left the spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez .   remembrance : friends embrace and remember slain student maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015 . 
 stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house -lrb- pictured -rrb- .   her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . 
 the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year-old , who scored against leicester on wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football .   following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   sent off : mulumbu . 
 gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade .   stone 's skate cut miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow . 
 jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .   klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at borussia dortmund when the current season draws to a close , prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the premier league . 
 fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts . 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating murray in the final of the miami open .   andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final . 
 paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .   he died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself . 
 her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   britt mchenry is back to work .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   joy , however , is worried that her son , a divorced father of two , is pinning too much on the hair transplant changing his fortunes of her son . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . 
 it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . she sat out the rest of the debate .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham -lrb- left -rrb- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . 
 chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck .   the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out .   weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens . 
 the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films .   however , despite the fact that mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . 
 they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole . 
 the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   thick black smoke can be seen rising from the stricken vessel . between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft . 
 caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire . a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son .   th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .   the problem of corruption went hand-in-glove with the rise of terrorism . nigeria is not a natural , comfortable nation state ; it 's composed of many ethnicities and two major competing religions . the south is dominated by christians like jonathan , the north by muslims like buhari . and the north has witnessed a brutal , bloody terrorist insurgency led by boko haram , which translates as `` western education is forbidden . '' 
 resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .   the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent . 
 a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . ' 
 but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   louise and glen higgs with daughter mazy , aged three and newborns carson alan -lrb- left -rrb- and carter joel -lrb- right -rrb- .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years . 
 suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning .   the death is still under investigation .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . 
 prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .   the prince , who is a billionaire , has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a bentley .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . 
 unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   the pair , who live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti . 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   his plan ? to get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the street view map .   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine . 
 only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk .   danny higginbotham -lrb- right -rrb- gave struggling sunderland the lead during the game on december 15 , 2007 . 
 the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   but it 's happened before . in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california . 
 the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . 
 former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association .   former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 . 
 using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century '   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 . 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . 
 the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday . 
 england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb- .   centre-back - kolo toure -lrb- liverpool -rrb- . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .   a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . 
 thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win .   muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena . 
 domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school . 
 the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike . 
 lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi . 
 kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world .   kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months . 
 ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk . 
 the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . 
 before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   but that was just the start for hillary clinton 's most trusted aide huma abedin . 
 that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   the name peaked in britain roughly decade later . in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular . 
 leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show .   stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   after being dropped by her label decca , leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at potters leisure resort in hopton-on-sea , norfolk . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .   curves galore : alexandra harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like kim . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo .   metallics . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . 
 now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala . 
 prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire . 
 two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest .   when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue . 
 as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments .   all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . 
 finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager . 
 the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie .   more than 12 people were hurt and least one person was critically injured , a spokesman for the westfield police department said on thursday evening . 
 liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract . 
 the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . 
 in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   the european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   however , spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves .   the 31-year-old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs . 
 the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . 
 mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer .   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program . 
 qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   a qantas spokesperson said air congestion at heathrow and dubai were to blame for the late arrivals . 
 tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing , but mr recorder stuart trimmer qc spared starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a # 1,500 fine .   wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   both starrs and tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses . 
 the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3-0 coppa italia semi-final second leg win over fiorentina . 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career . 
 carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour on saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 . 