 -lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal . and they are struggling in the aftermath .   the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera . koirala 's group is relying on bottled water and is now rationing food . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . this the bacteria found on one five pound note .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , the sun reported .   prince harry , pictured above in las vegas in 2012 , was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his vip suite at the encore at wynn hotel , including miss reichert . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space . 
 justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .   justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   on his way to britain : zbigniew huminski -lrb- left -rrb- , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe -lrb- right -rrb- , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house . both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam .   jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for fabregas . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez . 
 it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .   her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . 
 following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa .   the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . 
 ' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday . ` very lucky '   the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face . 
 arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   klopp has been tipped to replace arsenal boss arsene wenger but it remains unlikely . 
 at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts . 
 andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   world no 3 murray is set to marry his fiancee sears in dunblane next saturday . 
 paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .   inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   former eurovision contestant ronnie carroll -lrb- pictured with his second wife june paul -rrb- has died aged 80 , just two days after successfully getting on the election ballot paper . 
 her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   britt mchenry is back to work .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley -lrb- left , with lola and right with lola and husband david -rrb- came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   the car is only a concept for now , but offers a glimpse and what some manufacturers are planning for the upcoming self-driving car era .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . 
 the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham -lrb- left -rrb- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . 
 a texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck . 
 godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   harrison ford as han solo , right and chewbacca , left , in a trailer for the new star wars film , ` star wars : the force awakens ' . 
 cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural .   cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches . 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . 
 meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole .   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it . 
 the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . 
 a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . 
 his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' 
 but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   big brother is watching : a speed camera has been turned round and is pointing at this house in birmingham , west midlands . 
 charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning . 
 saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   for one couple however , these streets became a 26 mile aisle where they exchanged vows en route . 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine . 
 rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion . 
 higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   aston villa winger shaun maloney -lrb- right -rrb- scored a free-kick to secure a 1-1 draw for the visitors .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk . 
 the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting . 
 justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday . 
 former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered . 
 a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows . 
 manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   holland 's ron vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the world cup but could leave aston villa . 
 perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan .   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   a florida man wanted as a suspect in the murder of his own mother has been on the run from police since saturday . 
 muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   it was the world cup winner 's 27th champions league goal , taking him past former bayern team-mate mario gomez and making him the highest-scoring german since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 . 
 domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   sentence dropped : domenico rancadore -lrb- right and left -rrb- fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour ' 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school . 
 the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   banned : the sports brand features prominently -lrb- circled -rrb- on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . 
 the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi .   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . 
 david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted . 
 hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming . 
 the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   and so , relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off , the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in new york - with another mexican bite . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   the name gary - once one of the most popular name in britain - is now heading for extinction . 
 can this year 's the voice uk champion stevie mccrorie break the winners ' curse ? his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule .   stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies .   but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   lindsay sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   abby bishop 's -lrb- right -rrb- life completely changed when she took in her niece zala -lrb- left -rrb- .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba . 
 matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   for prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of team sky and sir bradley wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions . 
 two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest . 
 as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes . 
 steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england .   finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about england 's fast-bowling stocks . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   the 26-year-old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager . 
 despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . 
 brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   ahead of sunday 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley , rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team . 
 the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth .   one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . 
 google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . 
 the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   approaching the 30th anniversary of the bradford city fire , it was inevitable i would be asked to recall the horrific images from a match i was commentating on for yorkshire television . 
 the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish .   rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . 
 the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   both starrs and tamplin , 53 , who made # 124,000 from the con , admitted submitting the string of bogus expenses . 
 the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season . 
 kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career . 
 carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   james degale -lrb- right -rrb- has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for froch on his return .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   mysterious : the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 . 