 anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   since winning the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004 the portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   prince harry , pictured above in las vegas in 2012 , was said to have invited 10 women to party with him at his vip suite at the encore at wynn hotel , including miss reichert . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space . 
 justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history . 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   the 62-year-old did n't evacuate during hurricane sandy because there was nowhere where she could bring her cats . she lost everything in the storm - but in its aftermath she met the love of her life and won the lottery . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   jose mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of barclays premier league to seven points with a 2-1 win but it did n't come without cost for fabregas .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   after a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy . 
 her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   what 's more , it now seems likely to remain that way . despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay .   but her council has ruled that mrs robinson can keep the hedge , although it has to be cut to 20ft . mrs alexander said the ruling made ` no difference ' . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . 
 following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year-old , who scored against leicester on wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   the next moderator of the free church has claimed the church of scotland is ` literally dying ' because of falling congregation numbers . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . 
 the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators .   while battling for the puck , ottawa 's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc , catching miller just under his visor . 
 arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league . 
 apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts . 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating murray in the final of the miami open . 
 paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought . 
 britt mchenry is back to work .   the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . ' 
 the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness . 
 drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way .   police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars . 
 godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   fresh from the gym ! the super-curvy latina is hoping to be cuba 's answer to kim kardashian and has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries . 
 jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . 
 residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it . 
 the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post . 
 a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . 
 a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters and spread fear among those working against isis in iraq and syria . 
 denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013 . 
 drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled . 
 saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   his plan ? to get the all important ` selfie ' - and make an appearance on the street view map .   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine . 
 rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters .   the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   in his new autobiography rise of the underdog : my life inside football , higginbotham - who scored in sunderland 's 1-1 draw with villa that day - describes keane 's attempt to motivate his players . 
 the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting .   brewster also said his client 's left hand was holding a pepper gun . 
 justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . 
 former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association but it is as chairman of everton throughout the 1980s that he will be remembered . 
 a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   puppy tales pointed out that the tv show ` the living room ' deemed ace australia 's smartest dog in 2014 . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others to think before judging . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson . 
 swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .   england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget . 
 michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   an attorney for his estranged wife confirmed shemansky 's failure to appear for the scheduled visit . 
 thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena . 
 domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load . 
 the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   his comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' . 
 lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   accusing chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . 
 david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share . 
 hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . 
 the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   but that was just the start for hillary clinton 's most trusted aide huma abedin .   abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar . chipotle does not always have tip jars . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   the name peaked in britain roughly decade later . in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular . 
 stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .   but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   the 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous . 
 a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .   bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything . 
 prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix . 
 when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest . 
 ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   considered by many to be the most romantic city in the world , the city of lights ' latest overnight offering takes a page from the maisons closes , the turn-of-the-century pleasures houses that were frequented by socialites and aesthetes .   all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents . 
 steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england .   finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place . 
 paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it . 
 usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . 
 brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   ahead of sunday 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa at wembley , rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united .   liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team . 
 one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons . 
 the european union will today accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   the 31-year-old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs . 
 the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   a memorial at valley parade pays tribute those who died in the devastating blaze almost 30 years ago . 
 rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long-range finish . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? ' 
 heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   an old bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ` taking his eye off the ball ' and passing an ` unlawful ' sentence when letting a bt manager dodge jail for a # 28,000 expenses scam .   however , senior judge nicholas cooke qc has now said the sentence was ` unlawful ' - and added starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes . 
 all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season . 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for pietersen . 
 i spoke to carl froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next .   carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars . 