 anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   -lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal . and they are struggling in the aftermath . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets . this the bacteria found on one five pound note . 
 porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   real madrid superstar james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert -lrb- left -rrb- , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story in which she recounts the events of prince harry 's infamous party night . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . 
 justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .   rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .   justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters . 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   dna evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed ` strangulation and sexual violence ' , said mr valensi . tests also showed huminski was over the alcohol limit for driving . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house . both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed . 
 fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez . 
 her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   what 's more , it now seems likely to remain that way . despite a 35-year fight to get the trees cut down to size , the council has ruled they can stay .   stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house -lrb- pictured -rrb- . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb . 
 the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   eduardo vargas -lrb- left -rrb- wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom with a 25-yard strike .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . 
 gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade .   the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . 
 jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . 
 fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   the job listings were discovered by fan site appleinsider and include listings for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .   audio playback : the battery will last up to 6.5 hours when playing music . 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open . 
 paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   he died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself . 
 vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced .   the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week since footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley -lrb- left , with lola and right with lola and husband david -rrb- came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . 
 the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . she sat out the rest of the debate .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham -lrb- left -rrb- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . 
 drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck .   traffic : cars were forced to veer past the vehicles stopped on the side of the road . police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted . 
 the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . 
 residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . 
 the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket .   the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time . 
 th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .   caught on camera : the farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire . a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . 
 his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' 
 but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years . 
 drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning . 
 prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .   saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government . 
 they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day . 
 ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   tracked : it was the first time nasr had seen a street view car , and he followed it in his own vehicle . 
 rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk . 
 the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   mr foyle said dna from the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to king henry vii -lrb- pictured -rrb- and he traced it back to 1495 , when henry vii went to lathom in lancashire . henry viii may have been conceived in the bed . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting . 
 the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . 
 former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association .   former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 . 
 a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances .   her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others to think before judging . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president . 
 mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century '   unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome . 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   disgrace : winchester council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter . pictured : rubbish beside crookilley way , stockport . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows . 
 manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   with the premier league season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan .   after matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year , he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide . 
 muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win . 
 domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   once he 's put an item in the machine , baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner . 
 the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   his comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' . 
 revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi .   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . 
 ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year . 
 the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . 
 before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   there has been suggestion that football pundit lineker , or take that singer barlow might have put some off the name . 
 leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show .   stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   after being dropped by her label decca , leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at potters leisure resort in hopton-on-sea , norfolk . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   the week that was : mbfwa featured loud prints , metallic , intricate detailing in couture masterpieces from highlight shows romance was born -lrb- left -rrb- , toni maticevski -lrb- l -rrb- and steven khalil -lrb- middle r -rrb- ... and some very different beauty looks and trends we wo n't try in real life -lrb- r -rrb- . 
 australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . 
 matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   the team , which prior has big plans for , warm up for their elite racing debut in chorley . 
 two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs . 
 as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments . 
 steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons and lost his job before he even started it . 
 the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 . 
 one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   more than 12 people were hurt and least one person was critically injured , a spokesman for the westfield police department said on thursday evening . 
 brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .   this summer , liverpool will also try to sign james milner from city . 
 the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth .   charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk . 
 brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . 
 the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . 
 rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 .   the 25-year-old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream . 
 the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   delayed : qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   however , senior judge nicholas cooke qc has now said the sentence was ` unlawful ' - and added starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims . 
 all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   spanish paper marca -lrb- left -rrb- previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five-goal haul against granada at the weekend . 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career .   flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for pietersen . 
 carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour on saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
 in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   so far this year , gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor . 