 anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . while her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks , followed by a second earthquake on may 12 .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . 
 the experiment , which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides -lrb- shown above -rrb- . it 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash .   the students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   real madrid superstar james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line . 
 carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   in january , england-born ms reichert said she planned to use a pair of the prince 's underpants for a strip tease act . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   a mother has been arrested for referring to her african-american neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space . 
 justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament .   rose had struggled to hit top form going into the masters but now hopes to sustain his augusta form .   rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   ms diano was reunited with her cats but lost her home , and went to live in a connecticut trailer park after winning a year 's rent-free accommodation in a church raffle . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   the collision left the spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game . 
 wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   ' i did it ' : chris plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of sanchez . 
 stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house -lrb- pictured -rrb- .   her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   catherine and tom nevin on their wedding day . the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . 
 the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   the next moderator of the free church has claimed the church of scotland is ` literally dying ' because of falling congregation numbers . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   sent off : mulumbu . 
 gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face .   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade .   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators . 
 arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . 
 fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and another for ios software power systems engineer -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .   to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops . 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating murray in the final of the miami open . 
 paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 . 
 her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend . when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting the employee 's looks , intelligence , and social status .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   she also admits she even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature .   tech-savvy mum chloe , who designed the new app , with baby lola , now three months . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights '   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future '   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . 
 it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . she sat out the rest of the debate .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham -lrb- left -rrb- collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . 
 chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck .   the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash . 
 the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films .   in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . 
 cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural .   and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian .   and now she 's hoping for international stardom . 
 twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends , but ndtv gadgets reported that the social network 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by isis militants or supporters of the terror group on april 2 .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . 
 they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident , thanks to mr shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway . 
 the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket . 
 immediate action : th clements & son -lrb- pictured -rrb- which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet . 
 but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . and the fact that the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .   -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics . buhari , who some 30 years ago was nigeria 's harsh military leader , could of course prove to be a disaster ; so many self-described reformers have been . swath . 
 resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . 
 a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . ' 
 denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years . 
 an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   the death is still under investigation . 
 prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released . 
 unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   the pair , who live in clapham , london , ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti . 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   viral : the image of his selfie , and the street view shot , has now been shared almost 2.9 million times .   but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine . 
 only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta .   mcilroy was all smiles with his caddy niall horan of one direction during the par-3 contest on wednesday . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk .   republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane -lrb- left -rrb- looks frustrated during his country 's draw with poland . 
 the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris . bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   `` oh ! i shot him . i 'm sorry , '' bates said in a video of the shooting . 
 justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   the drama unfurled on sunday night when the canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to drake 's gig . 
 under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . he was 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association . 
 here we go ! border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap .   a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   aoki also works as a dog trainer , and runs the waterloo , australia-based company positive dog care . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   her hope is that the video not only entertains , but inspires others to think before judging .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match .   mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century '   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 . 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   he told mailonline : ` it 's all self-taught . there 's no more to it than that . 
 swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups .   england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer .   goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel -lrb- swansea -rrb- . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan .   after matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year , he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother . 
 thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6-1 win at the allianz arena .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win . 
 sentence dropped : domenico rancadore -lrb- right and left -rrb- fled to britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in italy for his role as a ` man of honour '   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .   a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped . 
 to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times . many viewers have applauded the dog 's cleaning antics , deeming him ` cute ' and adorable ' .   baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher . 
 the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike . 
 lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   accusing chase of lazy casting , bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . 
 david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted . 
 the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch .   hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . 
 before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle .   their chipotle lunch became a media storm . 
 that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 .   just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   the name peaked in britain roughly decade later . in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular . 
 stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian .   with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   however , dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when stewart 's corner was met by mcpake , who rose above jaroslaw fojut head past cierzniak from six yards . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   metallics . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . 
 now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .   but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . 
 prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   the one pro team in yorkshire on monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in england . 
 two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs .   when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue . 
 as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess . 
 finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   finn 's form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   as such , armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs . 
 the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie . 
 brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract .   this summer , liverpool will also try to sign james milner from city . 
 the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . 
 in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club .   the 31-year-old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs .   adebayor -lrb- right -rrb- is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino -lrb- centre -rrb- . 
 john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . 
 rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta .   rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show -lrb- above -rrb- and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   ` you have to share , ' screamed fallon . 
 the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   however , senior judge nicholas cooke qc has now said the sentence was ` unlawful ' - and added starrs should have been sent to prison for his crimes . 
 the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3-0 coppa italia semi-final second leg win over fiorentina . 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career . 
 carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week .   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over shortandy for a quarter of an hour on saturday morning before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   the policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls . 