 anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts . 
 students from the university of surrey discovered thousands of colonies .   they submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria .   most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots .   previous studies have revealed mrsa bacteria on notes and coins . 
 danilo this week agreed to join real madrid in the summer for # 23million .   transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440m since 2004 .   james rodriguez , pepe and radamel falcao among those sold by porto .   click here for all the latest real madrid news . 
 dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry in vegas .   carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a ** '   the 43-year-old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   kensington palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , has been accused of harassment .   referred to her neighbors as ` n ***** ' but insists she is not racist .   one note said : ` there were no -lsb- expletive -rsb- in w.l until you came '   victim has said her family may be forced to move as they do n't feel safe . 
 justin rose finished joint runner-up at the masters 2015 on 14-under-par .   rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters .   rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .   click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters . 
 girl was playing with friend when zbigniew huminski forced her into car .   chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour-and-a-half later .   prosecutors say there is evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence '   polish immigrant , who was heading to england , has admitted to killing . 
 pair were left homeless after storms and met in connecticut trailer park .   won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after easter to mark new start .   ` because of sandy i met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner . 
 cesc fabregas was caught by trailing arm of stoke city ace charlie adam .   former barcelona man picked up the injury during chelsea 's home win .   midfielder adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .   fabregas took to instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .   click here for all the latest chelsea news . 
 the life of 16-year-old maren sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on saturday by hundreds of people .   ' i do n't think there 's anything sad about this . it 's such a celebration , ' said darby hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with sanchez 's murder . 
 audrey alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .   she claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .   feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .   council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in april 2000 .   62-year-old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in dublin .   sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .   ireland 's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband tom in 1996 . 
 didier drogba given the barclays spirit of the game award .   the 37-year-old 's foundation has done impressive work in africa .   some of chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised # 400,000 .   click here for all the latest chelsea news . 
 figures from the catholic church show more and more becoming nuns .   the number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .   but that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .   one father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion . 
 eduardo vargas put qpr ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   charlie austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , bobby zamora made it three .   victor anichebe pulled one back for west brom before youssouf mulumbu was sent off and joey barton scored . 
 detroit red wings ' drew miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the ottawa senators .   the massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage miller 's eye .   the red wings lost 2-1 but remained in third place in the atlantic division . 
 jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season .   german boss has enjoyed success with club during seven-year stint .   he has been linked with manchester city , manchester united and arsenal .   per mertesacker says he would like to see klopp in the premier league . 
 appleinsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .   these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for ios software power systems engineer .   apple significantly improved the battery life on its iphone 6 and 6 plus .   but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day . 
 tournament performances have restored andy murray to world no 3 .   but it 's wedding to kim sears that takes murray 's no 1 spot this week .   murray is due to marry fiancée sears in dunblane this coming saturday .   there are believed to be well over 100 names on down-to-earth guest list . 
 paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda .   when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .   she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .   the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund . 
 ronnie carroll placed fourth in the eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .   he died in london two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .   mr carroll was running in the general election for hampstead and kilburn .   he remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes . 
 mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .   she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .   espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .   but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week . 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , designed new app bump 2 breast .   came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , lola , now three months .   says her and husband david felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .   also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding . 
 harley street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .   patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .   michael , 33 , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband ca n't tell the difference . 
 general motors unveiled their concept car at an event in shanghai .   chevrolet-fnr has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights '   it is self-driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   and using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes . 
 candidate lynne abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .   while a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year-old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign . 
 bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .   passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .   motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .   police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested . 
 godfrey elfwick recruited via twitter to appear on world have your say .   came after claims he had never seen the star wars franchise before .   on the show he described the films as both anti-women and anti-gay .   also said that darth vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype ' 
 cuban-born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   miami-based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .   has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries . 
 thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .   twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror-promoting users .   decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence .   suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ` hacktavist ' collective anonymous targeting online jihadis . 
 locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   they also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of good friday .   group seen returning to scene on saturday - a day after initial break-in .   police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on friday . 
 shiraz nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident after nawaz evacuated the area . 
 ao nang princess 5 ferry was in andaman sea on way from resort of krabi .   was five miles from the coast travelling to phuket when engine exploded .   35-metre-long boat caught fire around 3.30 pm before sinking around 6pm .   passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .   no injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl . 
 the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .   passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting '   tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves . 
 tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . he 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .   he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . buhar may be tonic to years of misrule . 
 bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .   researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket '   cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   its most popular resort of sunny beach copies those of spain and greece . 
 warning : graphic content .   series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria .   man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .   he is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .   it is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer ' 
 denise and glen higgs thought they 'd never have children .   he was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried ivf .   couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .   tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week . 
 speed camera discovered pointing at house in handsworth , birmingham .   fixed cameras switched off across the west midlands in spring of 2013 .   site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .   obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device . 
 charles terreni , 18 , was found dead march 18 at a frat house in columbia .   terreni was a usc freshman and a member of the pi kappa alpha house .   coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside . 
 air strikes were launched by saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   saudi forces have focused on beating back shiite houthi rebels in yemen .   prince alwaleed bin talal pledged bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   he made pledge on wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night . 
 brawl at spring gardens station in philadelphia was captured on cctv .   fight involved students from nearby benjamin franklin high school .   at one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .   after the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train . 
 paul and laura elliott met half way round at st katharine docks .   ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .   pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .   returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .   raised # 7,000 for cancer research in honour of paul 's father . 
 nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn .   decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .   sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga .   picture of nasr 's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9 million times . 
 rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta .   the northern irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in georgia .   mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year .   one direction star niall horan caddied for mcilroy in wednesday 's par-3 contest . 
 danny higginbotham covers his time under roy keane in his new book .   he played for keane 's sunderland during the 2007-08 season .   keane told his players ` basically you 're s *** ' before a game with aston villa .   he also told one player he was ` not f ****** good enough ' to play for the club . 
 four-poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for # 2,200 .   owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .   historian now claims dna from the timber proves it belonged to henry vii .   ornate bed , now on display , was made for king and wife elizabeth of york . 
 attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .   harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .   in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser . 
 singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to drake 's gig .   security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .   a row erupted and a coachella staffer tried to get bieber into the gig .   but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area . 
 sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness .   carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .   toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader ' 
 border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity-defying feat together .   the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki .   they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .   she loves tv , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .   the teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes . 
 manchester united take on manchester city on sunday .   match will begin at 4pm local time at united 's old trafford home .   police have no objections to kick-off being so late in the afternoon .   last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi-final . 
 kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no-ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .   the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc .   governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .   but kamal confirmed his intention to step down . 
 floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao face off in las vegas on may 2 .   joe calzaghe believes mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent .   read : ricky hatton gives his prediction to jeff powell ahead of the fight .   read : floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets finally go on sale . 
 winchester council in hampshire claimed annual clean-up hit by new rules .   but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   father-of-four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .   the award-winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette . 
 swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4-4-2 .   glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .   james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .   burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front . 
 michigan high school students mikenzy snell and matt pliska who has down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .   for their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes '   the sign references the fact that people with down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son saturday .   that same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden , florida .   michael shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap . 
 bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday .   pep guardiola 's side progressed 7-4 on aggregate to reach semi-finals .   thomas muller scored 27th champions league goal to pass mario gomez .   muller is now the leading german scorer in the competition .   after game muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone . 
 domenico rancadore given a seven-year sentence by italian court in 1999 .   he was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy .   today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired in october last year . 
 baron the german shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   the pup was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable ' 
 jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing nike products .   ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess .   commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in arabic .   those living under isis are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words . 
 lorraine bracco was asked by the sopranos creator to be carmela .   the actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in martin scorsese 's goodfellas in 1990 .   convinced showrunner david chase to let her play the role of dr. jennifer melfi . 
 kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .   he is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .   mr carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .   he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours . 
 david axelrod masterminded two obama presidential election victories .   he was hired by labour leader ed miliband amid great fanfare last year .   revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in uk .   labour confirms it pays mr axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm . 
 hbo is the us network behind game of thrones and the sopranos .   service is available on apple tv and ios exclusively for three months .   apple has also cut the price of apple tv system from $ 99 -lrb- # 65 -rrb- to $ 69 . 
 huma abedin came under fire for not tipping at chipotle in iowa .   she is hillary clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .   on saturday , she and husband anthony weiner went for mexican lunch .   it is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing . 
 gary fell from 147th most popular british name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .   reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .   meanwhile , names including dexter and jenson are now in the top 100 . 
 leanne mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .   andrea begley and jermain jackman are yet to become household names .   will 2015 winner stevie become a chart success or another voice flop ? 
 romanian-born alexandra harra , 28 , has become an instagram star .   model , who 's posed for playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .   after dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to kim kardashian . 
 nadir ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper scott bain .   however , ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .   win gave hosts dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .   goals from greg stewart , jake mcpake and paul heffernen secured win . 
 mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 came to a close on thursday night in sydney .   stand-out shows included maticevski , romance was born , tome , steven khalil and johanna johnson .   sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends . 
 lindsay sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   andrew chan and myuran sukumaran killed after a final kfc bucket meal .   the 58-year-old has been on death row in bali since 2012 .   she was convicted of attempting to smuggle # 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 . 
 abby bishop took in her two-day-old niece zala in august 2013 .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   zala will go with her when she starts playing in the u.s. wnba in may . 
 one pro cycling preparing to take on team sky and sir bradley wiggins .   tour de yorkshire runs over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   prior 's team and yorkshire race inspired by tour de france grand depart . 
 woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .   another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding '   east of england ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives . 
 ben flower returned from his six-month ban on thursday night .   wales forward made first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final .   27-year-old received a brilliant reception during 's wigan 's 30-20 victory against warrington . 
 inspired by the aesthetic of the belle epoque era , the jacques garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .   a mix of arabian and napoleon iii decor , the pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .   also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental . 
 steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .   the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .   finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year-old '   his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 . 
 paul armstrong flew to cyprus to celebrate new job as it project manager .   was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year-old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years . 
 australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .   the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .   this will be the designer 's second mbfwa he has missed in two decades .   perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east . 
 an indiana public school performance of american pie ended in tragedy wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on-stage .   more than a dozen people were injured at the westfield high performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .   students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people . 
 manchester city have been linked with summer move for raheem sterling .   sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   brendan rodgers says a move to city would not be step up for sterling .   indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool . 
 up to one in five chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .   charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .   loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into uk for personal consumption . 
 two types of cereal in an easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   served at black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   ` easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner olly taylor said . 
 the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   it could fine google more than # 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   google boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . 
 phil smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   but teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   he fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school . 
 emmanuel adebayor 's current tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane .   togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season . 
 john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm . 
 rory mcilroy faced with fifty shades of grey 's jamie dornan .   mcilroy and dornan took part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 .   mcilroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the masters .   read : it wo n't be too long before mcilroy wins a masters . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream fallon brought out for the two to share .   when asked if he would run for president , christie said ; ` i 've got a day job which keeps me busy ' 
 qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow .   the airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .   they are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late .   qantas blamed air congestion at heathrow and dubai airports . 
 christopher starrs was spared jail in an ` act of mercy ' by judge in january .   but senior judge has now said his colleague took ` his eye off the ball '   nicholas cooke qc said wheelchair-bound starrs should have been jailed .   but added starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand . 
 real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 in la liga at the weekend .   cristiano ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   real travel to rayo vallecano in a madrid derby on wednesday night .   juventus won 3-0 at fiorentina to reach the coppa italia final on tuesday . 
 kevin pietersen was sacked by england 14 months ago after ashes defeat .   batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for surrey last week .   pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the england side this year .   but andrew flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career . 
 if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .   a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact .   scott quigg-carl frampton summer fight is dead in the water . 
 clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of shortandy .   the perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .   eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on youtube .   while some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   in total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - mara salvatrucha .   the gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are . 