 ( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   still , she has offered to take in 200 other girls orphaned by the disaster . 
 thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club 
 a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show , has now written a book about the night .   ms reichert claims she was one of 10 women picked to party with him in the penthouse suite of the wynn hotel in august 2012 . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .   one of the notes , seen by katu , read : ` apes were never meant to drive so stop . ' 
 justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 ' 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   horrifying : the little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near calais 90 minutes after she was taken 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   the loving couple met after they separately moved from new york to a trailer park in connecticut , after they lost their homes . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game the collision left the spain international with a bloody nose and requiring treatment 
 the life of a 16-year - old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . 
 a row between neighbours over a 40 ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured ) 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   black widow catherine nevin leaving mountjoy prison as she walks to get a bus . 
 following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   the 37-year - old , who scored against leicester on wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the ivory coast and his love for football . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . 
 bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute eduardo vargas ( left ) wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom with a 25-yard strike 
 gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade bruiser : miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up , though the team said he will likely return thursday against boston 
 jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season arsenal vice - captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league 
 apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but they still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   these include one for an ios battery life software engineer ( pictured left ) and another for ios software power systems engineer ( pictured right ) 
 andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   there are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open 
 paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year - old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by - election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   he died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his election nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself . 
 her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year - old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .   britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   the mum - of - one designed the mobile app to contain a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding .   the app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews . 
 it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   but for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self - esteem and happiness . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet - fnr car ( shown ) .   the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   it has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards . 
 it was only 10 minutes into the hour - long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   she sat out the rest of the debate 
 chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted 
 the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti - women , anti - gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films he later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems 
 cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami - based bikini - loving babe says are 100 per cent natural the 21-year - old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian the super - curvy latina is hoping to be cuba 's answer to kim kardashian and has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one - off cull of isis - affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech - savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . 
 residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' . 
 the 36-year - old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him .   flames as high as 15 ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole 
 the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year - old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft 
 the worker , who can be seen in a high - vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away .   immediate action : th clements & son ( pictured ) which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , where the worker was caught urinating said he was sacked with immediate effect after the company was alerted 
 ( cnn ) the victory of a 72-year - old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . 
 islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer . '   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a series of gruesome images show the man being led from a van in handcuffs and blindfolded 
 denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in march 2013 
 drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning 
 saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine ' 
 the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i ' ve ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team - mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007 - 08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk 
 a four - poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately - carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   oblivious to its true value and historical significance , the construction workers dismantled the piece of oak wood furniture and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year - old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side . 
 the 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   not getting in : bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch drake 's performance on sunday 
 former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   under his stewardship , the club won two league titles , an fa cup and the european cup winners ' cup , which is still the toffees ' only piece of continental silverware .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice - president of the football association 
 using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap aoki runs the waterloo , australia - based dog training company positive dog care 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   inspirational : the illinois teen who suffers from cerebal palsy has created a video in which she dances 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick - off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter - final against bangladesh .   kamal , also president of the bangladesh cricket board , criticised the umpires in the quarter - final , and questioned their partiality , over a disputed no - ball against india batsman rohit sharma . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' ' 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching television shows .   simon has always wanted to be a chef - when he was eight , he won the opportunity to spend a day in a hotel kitchen and featured in the local newspaper . 
 here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent england 's first - choice right - back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer 
 a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message .   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget . 
 michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   neighbors at the winter garden rv resort believe divorce proceedings may have pushed shemansky over the edge 
 thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win supporters responded to muller 's chants as they celebrated the win against porto on tuesday night muller scored his 27th goal in the champions league during bayern 's 6 - 1 win at the allianz arena 
 a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven - year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   but today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school . 
 the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   images of the leaflet banning nike clothing was shared online by the activist group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who translated it from arabic . 
 lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr .   jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously . 
 kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point .   and in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world . 
 ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography , mr axelrod revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk . 
 hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set - top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . 
 the 38-year - old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two - year - old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three - year - old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 . 
 stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   the 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan .   jake mcpake wheels away in celebration as helps dundee earn first derby win in over a decade 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes - benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood - inspired sirens ' call presentation .   bigger was better this week with voluminous silhouettes appearing again and again at some of the star shows , including maticevski and michael lo sordo . 
 a british grandmother on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the australian bali nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' .   lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece zala .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s .   this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba . 
 matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix 
 two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   the service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day , and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help .   east on england ambulance revealed the bizarre calls as part of a list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs , saying that crew attended half of them , potentially putting lives at risk ( file image ) 
 ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30 - 20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six - month ban . 
 inspired by the post - impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly - opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   located steps from the famed moulin rouge theatre , the hotel is situated in the once tawdy , but now trendy pigalle district all of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by jacques garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents 
 finn was overlooked for the west indies tour , but has spent time since the world cup working on his run - up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest english bowler to take 50 test wickets .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture ) paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   the 26-year - old was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with # 2,000 costs at newcastle crown court ( pictured ) 
 the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   perry pulls out of presenting : acclaimed designer alex perry opts out of showing at this year 's mbfwa this is only the second fashion week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . 
 ahead of sunday 's fa cup semi - final against aston villa at wembley , rodgers indicated it could take two decades for sheik mansour 's club to reach the status of either liverpool or manchester united .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract 
 the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth charity bite - back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20 kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   he created the easter feast challenge to celebrate the gluttony of easter . 
 brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   but the ruling - the result of a five - year investigation into the american search giant -- means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi - billion pound fines to brussels . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year - old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per - week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre ) the 31-year - old togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for spurs 
 what i did not expect was for someone to suggest the fire may not have been an accident , as martin fletcher has done with his book fifty - six , the story of the bradford fire .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 without making allegations against the club 's chairman at the time stafford heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book -- with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased heginbotham . 
 rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2 - 1 the 25-year - old is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child 
 after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share 
 heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport 
 wheelchair - bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two - and - a - half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year 
 all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five - goal haul against granada at the weekend over in italy , the papers focus on juventus ' 3 - 0 coppa italia semi - final second leg win over fiorentina 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago 
 froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week there is the possibility of paul smith - andre ward in the pipeline , anthony dirrell versus badou jack for the wbc world title and andre dirrell 's ibf world title fight against james degale , which is the biggest bout of this trio . 
 eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra - terrestrial life . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper - violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 . 