 ( cnn ) two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls .   the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera . 
 the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days . 
 porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million   with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   since winning the champions league under jose mourinho in 2004 the portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits . 
 carrie reichert ( left ) , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book in the eye of the royal story in which she recounts the events of prince harry 's infamous party night   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' . 
 justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament   justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose believes that his finish of second at augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead 
 zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk .   a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today . 
 dennis krauss and mary ann diano said they plan to spend their winning on a new house .   mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam 
 a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder .   the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   remembrance : friends embrace and remember slain student maren sanchez on saturday , april 25 , 2015 
 her neighbour 's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and , says audrey alexander , has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   a row between neighbours over a 40ft high leylandii hedge ( pictured ) has finally come to and end after 35 years   stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay , despite claims it has knocked # 20,000 off the value of neighbour audrey alexander 's house ( pictured ) 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   black widow catherine nevin leaving mountjoy prison as she walks to get a bus . 
 following all his inspired charity work , didier drogba has been awarded with a barclays spirit of the game trophy .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season 
 theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . 
 bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns   charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute   sportsmail 's match zone shows where bobby zamora struck qpr 's third goal 
 the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight . '   gruesome : miller was left with a scar across his eye , but reportedly did n't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face   freak accident : while falling to the ice , ottawa 's mark stone lifted his skate and struck miller under the visor with the blade 
 jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league   arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . 
 at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries .   it says its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . 
 andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final   andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in dunblane this weekend .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open 
 paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda '   paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   a spokesman for asda apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   an electoral commission spokesperson told the sun mr carroll could still potentially win , although the vote would be declared void and a new candidate sought . 
 britt mchenry ( left ) has been reinstated as an espn sports reporter after being filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle ( right ) for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced 
 chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley ( left , with lola and right with lola and husband david ) came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant   like most first-time mums , chloe and husband david , had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital . 
 michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness .   it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . 
 the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car ( shown ) .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' 
 the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure .   philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham ( left ) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates   the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage . 
 drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted   chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck 
 godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian   cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural 
 jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   sick : twitter 's so-called ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the isis militants themselves ( pictured ) or by supporters of the terror group , on april 2 
 residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole   flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it 
 a 12-year-old israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province .   a 12-year-old israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off thailand 's southwestern coast on its way to phuket . 
 a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   th clements & son , which owns the field in benington , lincolnshire , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect .   a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner th clements & son 
 the cancer of corruption has to be cut out .   for too long , nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history . 
 the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   affordable : bulgaria has been named europe 's cheapest destination , with black sea resorts like sunny beach ( pictured ) offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities   research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of # 37.39 for bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer . 
 his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria .   a man was apparently beheaded by isis in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer '   a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver . 
 but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . 
 charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   drank himself to death : charles terreni jr had a blood alcohol level of .375 when he died   suspended : the pi kappa alpha house at the university of south carolina has been suspended , after a brother was found dead in a house wednesday morning 
 saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government .   prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley . 
 the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .   targeted : they then pull them to the ground and punch them . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon 
 the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   ` time to shine ' : nasr bitar saw taking the perfect selfie with google street view as a chance to ` shine '   ready to go : the car clearly captured nasr waiting to take the all-important selfie in mississauga , canada 
 rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta   rory mcilroy is looking to join an elite group this week at the tender age of 25 years old when he tries to complete his career grand slam by winning the masters .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen . 
 republic of ireland assistant manager roy keane ( left ) looks frustrated during his country 's draw with poland   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk   former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' . 
 the four-poster oak wood bed ( above ) , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions . 
 in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california .   that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the taser should be placed on the nondominant side . 
 off-stage drama : justin bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the coachella music festival on sunday after trying to gain entry to drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on friday   justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california . 
 former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   carter also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . 
 using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap   the brief clip , set to ` les toreadors ' from ` carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer dai aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old ace on his lap . 
 dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .   challenging : dayna dobias , 18 , is hoping change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and the fashion industry 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon   however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . 
 mustafa kamal , pictured with the cricket world cup trophy , has stepped down as icc president   kamal has stepped down amid accusations that india influenced the outcome of a world cup match   mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ` the fight of the century ' '   it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome . 
 winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation .   cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note - it does n't have to cost a fortune . 
 manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups   here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june . 
 perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan   matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . '   a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message . 
 police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . 
 thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win   thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four . 
 domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence .   but today it emerged that the 65-year-old 's case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times . 
 the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .   fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike . 
 the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   revelation : lorraine bracco said that she was first approached to play the role of carmela in the sopranos and not dr. jennifer melfi   lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day .   now , after covering an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months he is just 24 hours from returning to his starting point . 
 david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   he has helped refine mr miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week . 
 hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 ( # 9.90 ) a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . 
 before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday   the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 . 
 stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain   bain refuses to react as the turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at den park   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   make-up trends and accessories threatened to overshadow many of the designs being showcased , with stylists going over the top to stand out with head pieces , masks and other adornments bordering on the ridiculous .   now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week , taking note of the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine 
 abby bishop 's ( right ) life completely changed when she took in her niece zala ( left )   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams   the basketballer , who lives in canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old 
 matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire   the one pro team in yorkshire on monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in england   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix 
 another man said he had dropped his burger and it was ` bleeding '   two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel .   the report forms just part of a long list released by east of england ambulance service detailing their most bizarre , and irritating , call outs . 
 the wales forward in action during wigan warriors ' 30-20 victory against warrington last thursday   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night . 
 the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights   inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   situated just steps from the famed moulin rouge , this pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess . 
 steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place   finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight '   finn 's form return comes at a good time as england 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage ( file picture )   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager .   but after a spending spree on the trip , armstrong was stopped at the airport with the stun gun disguised as a torch , extendable baton and knuckle duster stuffed in his luggage . 
 usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   fashion favourite : perry says kym ellery ( pictured left ) is one of his favourite designers showing this week 
 one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie 
 brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract   rodgers talks to sterling during friday 's training session ahead of fa cup semi-final against aston villa 
 the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk . 
 google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   in one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , europe could fine google more than # 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in europe to the perceived dominance of us tech companies . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club   adebayor ( right ) is out of favour under current tottenham manager mauricio pochettino ( centre )   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer . 
 the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985   john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   there is n't a shred of evidence to suggest anything other than a terrible human tragedy . 
 the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1   rory mcilroy ( left ) battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan at a game of circular soccer   mcilroy finished strongly following a slow start to finish an impressive fourth at the masters in augusta 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show ( above ) and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor   later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream ( above ) fallon brought out for the two to share   after fallon told governor christie he ` looked great , ' the new jersey politician asked him ; ` if i look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? ' 
 qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use heathrow airport   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos . 
 wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   blasted : judge nicholas cooke qc ( left ) blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc ( right ) for ` taking his eye off the ball ' when he sentenced christopher starrs in january this year   fraud : wheelchair-bound starrs , 50 , was a manager with bt who admitted defrauding the company of # 28,000 over two years 
 all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   spanish paper marca ( left ) previews real madrid 's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday night - with the focus on superstar forward cristiano ronaldo after his five-goal haul against granada at the weekend 
 kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad   andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago 
 froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week   froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now   carl froch ( left ) has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may 
 the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life .   eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo . 
 incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 .   authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars . 