 -lrb- cnn -rrb- two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu , nepal .   and they are struggling in the aftermath .   anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . 
 the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be .   thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists ' pockets .   the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . 
 with the confirmation of danilo 's summer switch to real madrid , porto have now received a whopping # 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   porto and brazil right back danilo will join real madrid in the summer in a deal worth # 23million .   jose mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 champions league with the portuguese club . 
 a dominatrix who claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with prince harry during his infamous party night in vegas three years ago says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw him playing strip billiards .   carrie reichert , 43 , who has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show , has now written a book about the night .   in an excerpt from the upcoming in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' , the sun reported . 
 eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home .   the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' . 
 justin rose will try to take a leaf out of rory mcilroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the masters .   rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in masters history .   justin rose was unable to take victory at the masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . 
 a pole with convictions for violence was on his way to britain from calais when he snatched a schoolgirl in front of her mother before raping and murdering her , it emerged today .   zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of chloe , yesterday afternoon in france ` while drunk ' .   she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the uk . 
 mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life and they are buying their dream home together .   the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss , whose home in brooklyn , new york , was also destroyed .   both of them were left homeless when hurricane sandy wrecked havoc on the east coast of the us in october 2012 . 
 chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam on saturday .   chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from charlie adam .   fabregas was caught in the face by stoke city midfielder adam 's flailing arm during their game . 
 the life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music .   wearing shirts in maren sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind milford 's jonathan law high school , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on april 25 , 2014 .   a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . 
 it is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family .   it kicked off 35 years ago when mrs alexander 's aunt found her vegetable patch at the property would not grow anything worth eating because of the leylandii .   the battle between the neighbouring properties started in 1980 when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's massive hedge . 
 catherine nevin was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to having her publican husband tom shot dead .   the 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course and was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates in the city 's inchicore suburb .   the 62-year-old was given life in prison for arranging to have her husband shot dead . 
 the chelsea forward set up the ` didier drogba foundation in africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game .   didier drogba with the barclays spirit of the game award following all the charity work he 's done in africa .   the ivorian scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday , his seventh of the season . 
 figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . 
 bobby zamora -lrb- left -rrb- scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns .   charlie austin -lrb- right -rrb- headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute .   the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . 
 the red wings ' drew miller says he 's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight .   ' i feel very blessed the skate did n't hit my eye , ' miller said at practice on wednesday .   the incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of tuesday 's game between the red wings and the senators . 
 arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england .   jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season .   arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league . 
 to address these issues , the tech giant is recruiting for battery and power software experts .   at least nine job listings have been spotted on the firm 's official recruitment site as the company looks to boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops .   fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . 
 andy murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against novak djokovic in the mens final .   novak djokovic plays a backhand against murray in the mens final during the miami open .   murray plays a forehand against djokovic in the final during the miami open at crandon park tennis center . 
 paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent .   but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining .   paula dunican was horrified when she found the body of a crushed lizard on the lining of a # 25 coat from asda . 
 ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn , where his name will remain for the election .   due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0 .   nominations closed on april 9 . 
 britt mchenry is back to work .   her car had been towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in virginia , where she left it overnight on easter weekend .   but despite viewers ' calls for harsher punishment , the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend . 
 a mum who says she felt like a ` rabbit in headlights ' after having her first child has designed an app to guide mothers through pregnancy and early motherhood , which even tells breastfeeding mothers which boob to use next .   chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old . 
 it 's a question explored by bbc documentary inside harley street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments .   michael pulman , 33 , a care worker from walsall , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem .   michael , has spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness . 
 general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car -lrb- shown -rrb- .   it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' the car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week .   chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . 
 the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage .   it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor .   the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . 
 a texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road .   drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash .   a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way . 
 the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music .   godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise .   mr elfwick said the film was anti-women . 
 cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america .   the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ` cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   and she loves a selfie ! 
 twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ` tweeting violent threats ' .   jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east .   now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . 
 residents living yards from the scene of the # 60million hatton garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime .   they also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks .   meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' . 
 father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands .   shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole .   the smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway . 
 the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists , when the incident happened at around 3.30 pm local time .   passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat , according to the bangkok post .   the ao nang princess 5 ferry burns after the engine exploded in the andaman sea in krabi province . 
 a food supplier for supermarket giant tesco has sacked a farm worker who was caught on camera urinating in a field of vegetables .   a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet .   the worker , who can be seen in a high-vis jacket , casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants - despite a toilet being only 18 metres away . 
 -lrb- cnn -rrb- the victory of a 72-year-old former general , muhammadu buhari , in the nigerian elections represents a moment of maturity in west african politics .   but the peaceful transition of power from president goodluck jonathan to president buhari is the first of its kind in history .   the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 the former soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent .   resorts on its black sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study .   hotspot : bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . 
 islamic state militants have released photographs which appear to show the beheading of an ` alleged blasphemer .   ' a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man , wielding a meat cleaver .   his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama in syria . 
 denise and glen higgs , from braunton , devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through ivf fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter mazy , born three years ago .   the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week . 
 the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham .   however , it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands .   the speed camera has not been working for more than two years . 
 an 18-year-old university of carolina freshman who was found dead after a st patrick 's day party died of alcohol poisoning in a ` tragic and totally preventable death ' , a coroner has ruled .   charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found .   the death is still under investigation . 
 saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen .   a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop .   saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government . 
 a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released .   the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . 
 on sunday , 36,000 runners took to the streets of london for the 26.2 mile virgin money london marathon .   cancer research uk runners paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other , whilst also raising vital funds for a charity very close to their hearts .   fitness fans paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for running and their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon . 
 but for nasr bitar , it was his time to shine .   the college student spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada , last autumn and began following in his own vehicle .   his plan ? 
 the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career after coming close on more than one previous occasion .   only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era , those being jack nicklaus , tiger woods , ben hogan , gary player and gene sarazen .   rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week with victory at the masters in augusta . 
 former sunderland defender danny higginbotham has described a controversial speech made by roy keane which he calls ` one of the most bizarre team talks i 've ever experienced ' .   higginbotham and his black cats team-mates were about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 premier league season when keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light .   keane watches his sunderland players in action against aston villa after delivering his ` bizarre ' team talk . 
 a four-poster bed which was dumped in a hotel car park and sold for # 2,200 has been verified as once belonging to king henry vii -- and it could now be worth millions .   the intricately-carved ornate bed was left in the car park of the former redland house hotel in hough green , chester , by builders who were renovating the property .   the four-poster oak wood bed -lrb- above -rrb- , which was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in chester and later sold at auction for # 2,200 , has now been confirmed by dna as once belonging to king henry vii . 
 that 's apparently what happened in tulsa , oklahoma , when a 73-year-old reserve deputy , robert bates , killed eric harris .   bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead .   in a well-publicized 2009 case , a bay area rapid transit police officer fired his gun instead of his taser , killing 22-year-old oscar grant in oakland , california . 
 justin bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the coachella music festival over the weekend .   the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california .   a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . 
 former everton chairman sir philip carter has died aged 87 .   former everton chairman and life president sir phillip carter passed away on thursday .   he was 87 . 
 a pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up .   border collie ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer dai aoki 's lap . 
 a teenager from illinois is tackling her disability head-on and attempting to positively influence thousands of others by dancing .   dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos .   the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . 
 police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .   police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .   ' rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 . 
 mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday , accusing india of influencing the outcome of the cricket world cup quarter-final against bangladesh .   ` from now on , i am a former president of the icc .   , ' kamal said . 
 unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe .   the `` zero '' is a massive burden .   floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight . 
 cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up .   winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic .   but the hse denied tightening rules -- and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation . 
 simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .   the new winner of masterchef simon wood , who won the title last friday , has n't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson .   ' simon is now hoping to open a restaurant of his own . 
 here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june .   manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent .   swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups . 
 matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .   scroll down for video .   and matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own . 
 michael scott shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   police say michael scott shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day mother sandra shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in winter garden .   the body was discovered at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . 
 thomas muller became the leading german scorer in the champions league on tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern munich supporters as pep guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win .   muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of bayern 's 6-1 demolition of porto in the second leg of the champions league quarter-final at the allianz arena to secure their place in the last four .   thomas muller leads the celebrations with bayern munich supporters after the champions league win . 
 a sicilian mafia fugitive dubbed the godfather of uxbridge who was set to be extradited to italy will be allowed to remain in the uk after his sentence was dropped .   domenico rancadore , who has lived in britain for more than 20 years , was given a seven-year sentence by an italian court in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra .   in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . 
 baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .   baron was professionally trained at the hill country k9 school .   to date the clip of baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times . 
 fashion-conscious militants fighting for the islamic state in syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by nike .   the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   the news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross . 
 lorraine bracco has revealed that the sopranos creator david chase wanted her to play the role of tony 's wife carmela and not dr. jennifer melfi , his psychiatrist .   the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in goodfellas , nine years previously .   ' said bracco . 
 kevin carr is set to complete his epic 16,300 round-the-world trip tomorrow in devon after 19 months .   a british barman is set to enter the record books after running 16,300 miles around the globe over 621 days while wearing out 16 pairs of shoes .   kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . 
 ed miliband 's us adviser pays no tax in britain on his reported # 300,000 salary , he has admitted .   david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama and was hired by the labour leader amid great fanfare last year .   and he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms last week . 
 hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 .   the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming .   it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that can run apps for a june launch . 
 the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon .   before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin -lrb- left -rrb- was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday .   weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion . 
 just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name , data from the office of national statistics shows .   that compares to 235 garys being born in 1996 , when the name was the 147th most popular in britain .   in 1964 , it was ranked 16th most popular . 
 stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final .   now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success .   his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . 
 alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics .   she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships .   selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies . 
 dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee .   former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead .   dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . 
 that 's a wrap - mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation .   metallics .   metals were a recurring feature on the catwalk . 
 lindsay sandiford , 58 , from cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an indonesian firing squad .   she was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . 
 but when basketballer abby bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece zala .   it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life .   now zala is 20 months old and she follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba . 
 prior is chief executive of the one pro cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 .   matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first tour de yorkshire .   members of the one pro cycling , for which the former england cricketer is ceo , in the chorley grand prix . 
 when emergency crews received a call saying ` someone ' had been knocked down by a car in essex , they immediately sent two ambulances to the rescue .   but the vehicles returned to base just moments later when the caller revealed the ` victim ' was actually a squirrel that had been run over in epping forest .   two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . 
 ben flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night .   as his wigan side beat warrington 30-20 , the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens ' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final , earning a six-month ban .   ` what happened in the grand final was a massive mistake . 
 inspired by the post-impressionistic era of the belle epoque , the newly-opened maison souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in paris .   the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights .   there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments . 
 steven finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england .   steven finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an england place .   ' finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about england 's fast-bowling stocks . 
 armstrong , 26 , pleaded guilty of trying to bring a stun gun , a baton and knuckle dusters back into the uk from cyprus in his luggage -lrb- file picture -rrb- .   a holidaymaker who jetted off to cyprus to celebrate his new job was sacked before starting after returning with a stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends before beginning his new role as an it project manager . 
 usually a highlight of mercedes-benz fashion week australia , alex perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 .   the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week , and revealed to daily mail australia on sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' .   scroll down for video . 
 more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school .   the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . 
 liverpool manager brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals and making it clear they have no intention of becoming their feeder team .   brendan rodgers says that a move to manchester city would not be step up for raheem sterling .   sterling is wanted by manchester city this summer for # 50million as he stalls over new contract . 
 one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims .   the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins .   charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . 
 olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .   the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter . 
 brussels will say that google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include youtube and the google + social network .   google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market .   the european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . 
 phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull , but fell and hit his head .   the 25-year-old , who worked at a school for disabled children , fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary , but died five days later on april 9 . 
 tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer .   the togolese striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens .   tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club . 
 john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day .   here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze .   the tragic fire at bradford city 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 . 
 rory mcilroy put the golf clubs away as he battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan to promote new football concept circular soccer .   mcilroy was filmed battling with fellow northern irishman dornan during a match of circular soccer , a new football game based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control .   the duo were taking part in the first circular soccer showdown of 2015 which mcilroy won 2-1 . 
 chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling on jimmy fallon for the weight jokes made about him on the program .   ' then , to make amends , fallon gave christie his favorite food - ice cream .   this is it . 
 heathrow airport are threatening to strip qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late , according to internal memos .   the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine , that 's more than au$ 38,000 , for every time the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac .   delayed : qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips after continuously arriving late to the busy airport . 
 an old bailey judge has blasted his junior colleague for ` taking his eye off the ball ' and passing an ` unlawful ' sentence when letting a bt manager dodge jail for a # 28,000 expenses scam .   wheelchair-bound christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt .   starrs , along with fellow bt openreach manager phillip tamplin , invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to home owners ' property during broadband installation , and paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims . 
 all eyes will be on cristiano ronaldo when real madrid visit rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday .   the 30-year-old hit five in real 's thumping 9-1 win against granada at the weekend to take his tally to 36 goals in the league so far .   ronaldo 's quintuplet moved him above lionel messi in the race for the pichichi trophy given to the top goalscorer in la liga at the end of the season . 
 andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his england career .   kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .   former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career . 
 needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara .   carl froch -lrb- left -rrb- has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may .   froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week . 
 eerie footage has emerged showing a mysterious 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke floating over clear skies in kazakhstan - convincing locals it was caused by a ufo .   the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing without trace .   the video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to youtube , prompting all manner of bizarre explanations for the phenomenon - with many seemingly convinced it is definitive proof of extra-terrestrial life . 
 authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time , in a bid to stop them running operations from behind bars .   incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses taking them from izalco jail to san francisco gotera in an effort to curb gang violence .   in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 . 