 Two CNN Heroes are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu , Nepal .   Anuradha Koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center that is home to 425 young women and girls .   Pushpa Basnet and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence .   Several CNN Heroes have been assisting in relief efforts in Nepal . 
 The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey .   Currency was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days .   The students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on the sample of money .   Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless .   But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .   One ten pound note yielded Bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash .   The scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin . 
 Porto have made £ 440million from player sales in the last 11 years .   Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £ 23million in the summer .   19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds .   James Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Banfield before being sold on to Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price . 
 Carrie Reichert , 43 , has released a teaser from her upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story .   Says she felt ` overdressed ' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards in Las Vegas in 2012 .   She has previously said she kissed the Prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip - tease show .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince 's VIP suite . 
 Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post - it notes on the door of the family home .   The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n * * * * * ' but wrote : ` I am not racist ' One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop ' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . 
 Justin Rose finished second at the Masters despite carding 14-under - par for the tournament .   The Englishman had missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour .   Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in 2014 . 
 Zbigniew Huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine - year - old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe , yesterday afternoon in France ` while drunk ' .   She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminski 's car and then driven to an isolated wood once used as a camp for illegal migrants bound for the UK .   Chloe 's mother , named only as Isabelle , heard her daughter 's screams as she was being taken away from outside her school in Calais - but was unable to do anything .   Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of ` extreme violence ' including attacking a frail pensioner 
 Mary Ann Diano , 62 , was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit Staten Island , New York , in 2012 .   She was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm .   She lost her home but was reunited with her cats and moved to a trailer park in Connecticut .   There she met Dennis Krauss , who had also lost his home in Brooklyn , and they began a relationship .   Ms Diano won the lottery last October after buying a ticket from a gas station .   She decided not to cash it in until April 6 - the day after Easter - as a symbolic sign of a new beginning . 
 Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam .   The Chelsea midfielder was caught in the face by the Stoke City midfielder 's flailing arm .   Jose Mourinho 's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points . 
 Maren Sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford , Connecticut , on April 25 , 2014 .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder .   On Saturday hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race , fried food and live music .   The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother . 
 Audrey Alexander claims neighbour 's leylandii hedge has left parts of her garden in deep shade .   She claims it has knocked £ 20,000 off the value of her house in Stirling , Scotland .   But Stirling Council has ruled that the hedge can stay , although it has to be cut to 20 ft .   It is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of Mrs Alexander 's family . 
 Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon despite being jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead .   The 62-year - old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course in the city 's Inchicore suburb .   Her temporary release is understood to have been approved by the parole board and sanctioned by the Justice Minister . 
 Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy for his charity work in Africa .   The Chelsea forward set up the ` DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game .   The 37-year - old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast . 
 Figures show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .   From a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade .   Theodora Hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post - doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh .   She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in their house in London . 
 Eduardo Vargas opened the scoring for Queens Park Rangers with a 25-yard strike in the 14th minute .   Bobby Zamora doubled QPR 's lead in the 35th minute with a stunning lob of Boaz Myhill 's cross .   Charlie Austin headed QPR into a 2 - 0 lead with a fine header in the second half .   Victor Anichebe headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th minute after coming off the bench .   Joey Barton added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game to seal the win .   Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton shortly before he scored for his side . 
 Drew Miller was struck by Ottawa 's Mark Stone 's skate during the first period of Tuesday 's game between the Red Wings and the Senators .   Stone lost his balance while battling for the puck and lifted his skate backwards in an arc , catching Miller just under his visor .   Miller required 50 to 60 stitches to close the gash along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow . 
 Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .   Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit in the Premier League .   The 47-year - old has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past . 
 Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple 's official recruitment site .   These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .   Apple 's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage - although its difficult to quantify what ` normal usage ' is .   Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours on a single charge .   However , official figures suggest its Watch in particular will struggle to last for anywhere near that long . 
 World No 3 Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday .   The Scot confirmed it will be a down - to - earth guest list when he marries fiancée Sears in his hometown on Saturday .   Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings . 
 Paula Dunican spent £ 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury , Kent .   But when she tried it on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the lining .   Inside , a four inch - long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric .   Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £ 40 voucher after she returned the coat . 
 Ronnie Carroll died just days after successfully getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn .   The 80-year - old was due to stand as an independent and had contested elections before .   He died following a battle with cancer , during which a friend handed in his nomination papers .   He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with Ring - a - Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively . 
 Britt McHenry , 28 , has been reinstated to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend .   ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said : ` She knows she made a mistake .   She 's owned up to it .   I think she is just really anxious to get back to work ' .   The ESPN reporter was suspended for a week after a video of her tirade against Gina Michelle , a single mother - of - three at a towing firm in Arlington , Virginia , was released on April 6 .   McHenry had left her car in the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant overnight and when she picked it up , infuriated , she resorted to insulting Michelle 's looks 
 Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , Kent , came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant .   She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought first child home .   Chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast - tracking feature .   The app , which is available on all mobile platforms , has already been downloaded 20,000 times . 
 Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .   Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed .   Emma Tallon , 27 , paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big . 
 General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet - FNR car at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night .   It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .   Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future ' .   It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture .   Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet . 
 Lynne Abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night 's hour - long debate between Democratic candidates running for mayor of Philadelphia .   Abraham was heard falling as Senator Anthony Williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former Philadelphia District Attorney lying helpless on the floor .   Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz quickly came to Abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness .   The debate was paused as a doctor evaluated Abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights . 
 Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , to pick up the money on Friday .   Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles .   Others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way as they dashed for the cash .   Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted . 
 Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say .   He tweeted about never having seen the films but was still invited on to talk about them .   Claimed they were full of social problems ` rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' .   Said the films were anti - women , anti - gay and said Darth Vader listens to rap music .   BBC has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the programme . 
 Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , has been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by Miami fashion crowd .   The Latina is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches .   Her Instagram profile is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars . 
 Jihad - watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week .   Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East .   Twitter 's ` violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts on April 2 .   Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the ` large number of reports ' . 
 Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power outages a week before raid .   Also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought it was road works .   It has also been alleged that thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot .   Former bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break - in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered . 
 Shiraz Nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole .   Father - of - two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground .   As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the cover .   The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15 ft of the ground on the pedestrian walkway in Shirley , Solihull .   Miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after Shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway and told them to turn off their gas supply . 
 Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was carrying more than 100 people , including many foreign tourists .   Passengers threw themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat .   Photos taken by rescuers , including the Krabi Marine Police , showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .   A 12-year - old Israeli girl who was reportedly in the toilet at the time is still thought to be missing . 
 Farm worker caught on camera urinating in field of vegetables in Benington , Lincolnshire .   Disgusted member of the public snapped the man using the field as a makeshift toilet .   TH Clements & Son , which owns the field , was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect . 
 Muhammadu Buhari , a 72-year - old former general , won Nigeria 's presidential election on an anti - corruption platform .   The peaceful transition of power is the first of its kind in history , says Femi Adesina .   He says Nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth ; the cancer of corruption has to be cut out . 
 Former Soviet state has gained most from strong pound , which has cut cost of visiting continent .   Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities .   Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 % , will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive . 
 Gruesome photographs show man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded .   He is then forced to kneel on the floor while surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver .   Next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head placed on his body .   Follows a video released by ISIS this week that warns ` America will burn ' and threatens a repeat of the 9/11 atrocity . 
 Denise and Glen Higgs , from Braunton , Devon , had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment .   But using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy , born three years ago .   The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week . 
 Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30 mph speed limit in Handsworth , Birmingham .   But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off .   Around 300 speed and traffic camera , using old technology , were turned off across the region in March 2013 .   Mystery surrounds who re - pointed the camera , but Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it . 
 Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died .   He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia , South Carolina , around 10:30 am on March 18 , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual Irish holiday .   The house was draped in St Patrick 's decorations and a beer keg could be seen outside .   Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before , and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning . 
 Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to Saudi pilots involved in Yemen air strikes .   He wrote on social media that he was ` pleased to present them with 100 Bentley cars ' Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels advancing .   But the raids appeared to have resumed on Wednesday , with fighting taking place in Taez . 
 Footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station .   They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads .   Witnesses tried to intervene , but could n't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters .   The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . 
 Paul and Laura Elliott ran the 26.2 mile Virgin Money London Marathon on Sunday .   Couple , from Clapham , London , married at St Katharine Docks in front of 80 guests .   Paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and has raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research .   The pair finished the race together and were showered with confetti at mile 26 . 
 Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga , Canada , last autumn .   He followed it in his own vehicle and got in position just in time to take the snap .   The college student then uploaded the picture to Instagram , where it has been shared 2.9 million times . 
 Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week at the Masters .   The Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time .   Only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the Masters era .   A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row . 
 Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland 's 1 - 1 draw with Aston Villa on December 15 , 2007 .   The Black Cats were about to take on Villa at the Stadium of Light in the Premier League .   Roy Keane sat his players down in the home changing room before the game .   The Republic of Ireland assistant manager delivered a ` bizarre ' team talk . 
 Four - poster bed was left in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Hough Green , Chester , in 2010 .   Oblivious to its true value and historical significance , builders dismantled it and left it to be picked up by auctioneers .   It was snapped up for £ 2,200 in 2010 by a bed specialist from Northumberland who spotted it on the internet .   TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact 's historical roots .   DNA testing on the bed 's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII . 
 Tulsa reserve deputy Robert Bates , 73 , says he meant to use his stun gun but fired his handgun instead .   Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body , and the Taser on the nondominant side .   Bates ' attorney says his client is left - handed , but the reserve deputy said his gun was on his right side .   In 2009 , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser , killing 22-year - old Oscar Grant . 
 The 21-year - old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California on Sunday night .   A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .   Bieber missed Drake 's performance , which featured a surprise performance by Madonna . 
 Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87 .   Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice - president of the FA .   Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008 . 
 Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act .   They stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up , using a human as their base .   Their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki , runs the Waterloo , Australia - based company Positive Dog Care . 
 Dayna Dobias , 19 , from Downers Grove , Illinois , was born with cerebral palsy .   She has created a video in which she dances and hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television , film and fashion industry .   The teenager says she wanted to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . 
 Police say they have no objections to Sunday 's Manchester derby starting at 4 pm .   Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick - off was agreed by all parties .   Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after Everton v Liverpool match started at 5.30 pm .   The last time United and City met in a late kick - off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley in 2011 .   34 arrests were made amid scenes some described as ` a free for all ' . 
 Mustafa Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter - final against Bangladesh .   Kamal criticised the umpires over a disputed no - ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma .   The Bangladeshi said he spoke as a fan , and not the president , but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as ` unfortunate ' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst , otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain . 
 Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in ` The Fight of the Century ' in Las Vegas on May 2 .   The former undefeated world super - middleweight and light - heavyweight boxing champion Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will win .   The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats .   Tickets for the bout go on sale on Thursday night after months of speculation . 
 Winchester Council said its annual clean - up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules designed to protect litter - pickers from traffic .   But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish . 
 Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .   Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self - taught - learnt form reading recipe books or watching TV .   He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children - Liam , 20 , Alex , 18 , Cameron , 16 , and Charlotte , seven . 
 Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for Lukasz Fabianski but has done well in the cups .   Manchester City 's James Milner is the most high - profile free agent available this summer .   Kolo Toure , Glen Johnson and Ron Vlaar are all set to leave their Premier League clubs .   Tom Cleverley , Jonas Gutierrez and Mikel Arteta could also leave their clubs . 
 Matt Pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year , and she gladly accepted .   On their big night , the juniors from Waupaca , Michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' 
 Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother .   Sandra Shemanski , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida , on Saturday .   Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was killed .   He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement , has a history of bipolar mental illness , and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide . 
 Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in Champions League quarter - final second leg at the Allianz Arena .   Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League on Tuesday night .   The 25-year - old became the highest - scoring German since the tournament began in 1992 .   Muller engaged in a raucous celebration with Bayern supporters after the match . 
 Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy in 1999 .   He was given a seven - year sentence for his role as a ` man of honour ' in the Cosa Nostra .   In February he lost his year - and - a - half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence .   But today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn . 
 Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before loading them into the dishwasher .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times . 
 The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear .   Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment .   News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross . 
 The Oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster 's wife in Goodfellas , nine years previously .   Accusing Chase of lazy casting , Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts . 
 Kevin Carr set off from Haytor , on Dartmoor in Devon , in July 2013 to complete the run .   The 35-year - old has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day since then .   Mr Carr is just 24 hours away from completing his epic trip in a record time .   He is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours . 
 David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama .   He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year amid fanfare .   He has helped refine Miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living .   But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on his reported £ 300,000 salary . 
 HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set - top box , iPhone and iPad .   Service is available in the US for $ 14.99 -LRB- £ 9.90 -RRB- a month , and will includes all past , present and future HBO programming .   It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch . 
 Huma Abedin , 38 , was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman Anthony Weiner , and two - year - old son Jordan at quaint Tortaria in New York on Saturday .   It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle - and Clinton failed to pay a tip . 
 Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name Gary , data shows .   That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996 , when name was 147th most popular in Britain .   In 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to Office of National Statistics .   Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter , who was jailed for sex attacks on girls , for name 's fall from grace .   Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off . 
 Stevie McCrorie has been crowned winner of The Voice UK 2015 after beating Lucy O'Byrne in the final .   His mentor Ricky Wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts .   Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley both failed to make a mark on the music industry . 
 Alexandra Harra , 28 , is a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black hair .   She has been dubbed ` The Romanian Kim Kardashian ' after appearing on the cover of Playboy .   The model recently dyed her hair black to make her look more like the reality star .   Her derriere measures 43 inches , while Kardashian 's is just 40 inches . 
 Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain , but the Turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals Dundee .   The 23-year - old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan .   It was Dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top - six place . 
 Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .   Johanna Johnson brought the event to a spectacular close with her Hollywood - inspired Sirens ' Call presentation .   FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows , the beautiful designs we ca n't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we wo n't be trying any time soon . 
 Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , is on death row in Bali for smuggling £ 1.6 m of cocaine .   She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .   She said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad along with six other prisoners . 
 Abby Bishop 's life completely changed when she took in her two - day - old niece Zala .   The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams .   Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA . 
 Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire .   The inaugural event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for first time . 
 Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down .   But the ` victim ' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by a car in the forest .   East of England ambulance service released a list of 1,248 ` inappropriate ' call outs .   One woman said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway , while a man said his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small . 
 Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night .   The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final , earning a six - month ban .   The 27-year - old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday 's match . 
 The newly - opened Maison Souquet is tucked away behind an unmarked facade , signalled only by two red lanterns and a matching awning .   The 20-room hotel describes itself as a ` temple to hedonism , ' having taken inspiration from the pleasure houses of yesteryear .   All of the dark , mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents .   The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of ` stars ' and can be booked out for private use . 
 Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast - bowling prospects in England .   Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run - up and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets .   The 26-year - old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps . 
 Paul Armstrong , 26 , flew to Cyprus with four friends to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   But he was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his luggage .   Court heard stun gun could cause victim to ` startle and repel ' and cause electrical discharge .   He pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons at Newcastle Crown Court .   Armstrong was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years , with £ 2,000 costs . 
 Alex Perry wo n't be presenting at Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia this year .   This is only the second time in 20 years the designer wo n't show at the Sydney event .   The designer says he 's enjoying ` taking a breather ' and focusing on international projects .   Perry is a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model and is looking to work on more TV projects overseas . 
 More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit .   One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half - way through a song during a sold - out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School .   The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale .   Nicola Gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue . 
 Manchester City have been heavily linked with a £ 50million move for Raheem Sterling .   Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal at Anfield .   City have also monitored vice - captain Jordan Henderson , who only has a season left .   But Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be a step up for Sterling .   Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi - final at Wembley on Sunday . 
 Charity Bite - Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling shark fin soup .   Comes after trading standards officers raided The Royal China Club in central London .   Restaurant boasted of selling soup and dish made from ground shark teeth .   loophole allows people to bring 20 kg of shark fin into UK if it is for personal consumption .   Charity workers say restaurants are either disguising the soup as ` fish fin soup ' or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask . 
 Olly Taylor , 27 , is offering his version the Easter Feast at his Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .   The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388 g of sugar or 97 teaspoons . 
 Brussels will say that Google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network .   Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market .   Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet . 
 Phil Smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham , Hull , but fell and hit his head .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot in the fall .   He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary , but died five days later .   His parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent with children ' 
 Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per - week wages in order for him to leave .   The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under manager Mauricio Pochettino .   The 31-year - old has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs . 
 John Helm was commentating on Bradford City 's game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out .   He still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day on Yorkshire Television .   Martin Fletcher 's book Fifty - Six , the Story of the Bradford Fire , suggests the fire may not have been an accident .   Helm says there is no evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately . 
 Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan to promote new football concept Circular Soccer .   The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2 - 1 to take the crown , with the deciding goal coming from an impressive long - range finish .   The 25-year - old is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the Red Devils as a child . 
 Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening , and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him on the program .   After Fallon told Governor Christie he ` looked great , ' the New Jersey politician asked him ; ` If I look great , what the hell 's with all the jokes every night ? '   Then , to make amends , Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream .   Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point Christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away .   Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election . 
 Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late .   The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £ 20,000 fine , that 's more than AU$ 38,000 , for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac .   Qant as have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport . 
 Christopher Starrs , 50 , admitted defrauding BT Openreach of £ 28,000 in two - and - a - half year scam .   He invented clamped cars , overtime hours and damage to property during broadband installation .   But Wheelchair - bound Starrs was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence .   Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an ` act of mercy ' in January this year .   But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC said the sentence was ` unlawful ' and Starrs should have been sent to prison . 
 Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid 's 9 - 1 win against Granada at the weekend .   The 30-year - old has now scored 36 goals in La Liga so far this season .   Ronaldo will be up against Rayo Vallecano striker Alberto Bueno on Wednesday night .   Juventus beat Fiorentina 3 - 0 in their Coppa Italia semi - final second leg to win 4 - 2 on aggregate .   Edinson Cavani has been offered to AC Milan , according to Italian papers . 
 Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career .   Pietersen scored 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red - ball innings for Surrey since June 2013 .   The controversial batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook 's team were whitewashed 5 - 0 in Australia .   Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen . 
 Carl Froch has been out of the ring since beating George Groves at Wembley last May .   Froch had hoped to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr , but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week .   James DeGale is the most likely next opponent for Froch on his return .   Anthony Dirrell 's fight against Andre Dirrell for the IBF world title is the biggest of the three .   Carl Frampton 's hopes of fighting Scott Quigg this summer are dead in the water . 
 Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital Astana , Kazakhstan .   Shows 100 metre - wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing .   Video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube .   Confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover ominously over Shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
 In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary .   They will mix with rivals from the hyper - violent Mara Salvatrucha gang , or MS-13 .   The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls .   Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers , two soldiers , six prison guards and a prosecutor . 