 Anuradha Koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .   Pushpa Basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .   Seven other CNN Heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts . 
 Students from the University of Surrey discovered thousands of colonies .   They submerged coins and notes in agar to accelerate growth pf bacteria .   Most were harmless on the money , but one caused boils and spots .   Previous studies have revealed MRSA bacteria on notes and coins . 
 Danilo this week agreed to join Real Madrid in the summer for £ 23million .   Transfer will take total raised from player sales to £ 440 m since 2004 .   James Rodriguez , Pepe and Radamel Falcao among those sold by Porto .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news . 
 Dominatrix claims she shared a ` hot , deep kiss ' with Prince Harry in Vegas .   Carrie Reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a * * ' The 43-year - old made the claim in an excerpt from her upcoming book .   Kensington Palace has previously denied she was invited to the hotel suite . 
 Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , has been accused of harassment .   Referred to her neighbors as ` n * * * * * ' but insists she is not racist .   One note said : ` There were no -LSB- expletive -RSB- in W.L until you came ' .   Victim has said her family may be forced to move as they do n't feel safe . 
 Justin Rose finished joint runner - up at the Masters 2015 on 14-under - par .   Rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the Masters .   Rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .   CLICK HERE for all the latest news and reaction following the Masters . 
 Girl was playing with friend when Zbigniew Huminski forced her into car .   Chloe 's naked body was found in nearby woods an hour - and - a - half later .   Prosecutors say there is evidence of ` strangulation and sexual violence ' Polish immigrant , who was heading to England , has admitted to killing . 
 Pair were left homeless after storms and met in Connecticut trailer park .   Won lottery last year but only cashed prize in after Easter to mark new start .   ` Because of Sandy I met the love of my life ' , said thrilled lottery winner . 
 Cesc Fabregas was caught by trailing arm of Stoke City ace Charlie Adam .   Former Barcelona man picked up the injury during Chelsea 's home win .   Midfielder Adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .   Fabregas took to Instagram to show he was all smiles despite the bruises .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news . 
 The life of 16-year - old Maren Sanchez stabbed to death a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated on Saturday by hundreds of people .   ` I do n't think there 's anything sad about this .   It 's such a celebration , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17-year - old friend of the slain teen .   A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with Sanchez 's murder . 
 Audrey Alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .   She claims the 40 ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .   Feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .   Council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20 ft . 
 Catherine Nevin was allowed out despite being jailed for life in April 2000 .   62-year - old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in Dublin .   Sat next to unsuspecting commuter on bus and went totally unnoticed .   Ireland 's most infamous female prisoner murdered husband Tom in 1996 . 
 Didier Drogba given the Barclays Spirit of the Game award .   The 37-year - old 's foundation has done impressive work in Africa .   Some of Chelsea 's stars attended a charity ball which raised £ 400,000 .   CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news . 
 Figures from the Catholic Church show more and more becoming nuns .   The number of women taking Holy Vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .   But that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .   One father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion . 
 Eduardo Vargas put QPR ahead with a spectacular strike from 25 yards after 15 minutes .   Charlie Austin doubled the lead with a header 20 minutes later , Bobby Zamora made it three .   Victor Anichebe pulled one back for West Brom before Youssouf Mulumbu was sent off and Joey Barton scored . 
 Detroit Red Wings ' Drew Miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the Ottawa Senators .   The massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage Miller 's eye .   The Red Wings lost 2 - 1 but remained in third place in the Atlantic division . 
 Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season .   German boss has enjoyed success with club during seven - year stint .   He has been linked with Manchester City , Manchester United and Arsenal .   Per Mertesacker says he would like to see Klopp in the Premier League . 
 AppleInsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .   These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer .   Apple significantly improved the battery life on its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus .   But it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day . 
 Tournament performances have restored Andy Murray to World No 3 .   But it 's wedding to Kim Sears that takes Murray 's No 1 spot this week .   Murray is due to marry fiancée Sears in Dunblane this coming Saturday .   There are believed to be well over 100 names on down - to - earth guest list . 
 Paula Dunican paid £ 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of Asda .   When she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .   She then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .   The supermarket has apologised and offered her a £ 40 voucher and refund . 
 Ronnie Carroll placed fourth in the Eurovision contest in 1962 and 1963 .   He died in London two days ago , aged 80 , following a battle with cancer .   Mr Carroll was running in the General Election for Hampstead and Kilburn .   He remains on the paper and he will be elected if he gets enough votes . 
 McHenry , 28 , berated single mother Gina Michelle for towing her car .   She insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .   ESPN suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .   But despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week . 
 Chloe Owens , 27 , from Swanley , designed new app Bump 2 Breast .   Came up with idea when pregnant with daughter , Lola , now three months .   Says her and husband David felt like ` rabbits in headlights ' at first .   Also struggled to remember which boob to use when breastfeeding . 
 Harley Street is a top destination for private cosmetic surgery .   Patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .   Michael , 33 , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self - esteem .   Andrea , 72 , pays for a facelift - but her husband ca n't tell the difference . 
 General Motors unveiled their concept car at an event in Shanghai .   Chevrolet - FNR has ` dragonfly ' swing doors and ` crystal laser headlights ' It is self - driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round .   And using iris recognition software you can start it using just your eyes . 
 Candidate Lynne Abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .   While a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year - old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign . 
 Bundles of notes spilled onto Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , on Friday .   Passenger door of vehicle flung open - releasing the money onto the road .   Motorists pulled over and abandoned their vehicles to pick up the cash .   Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be arrested . 
 Godfrey Elfwick recruited via Twitter to appear on World Have Your Say .   Came after claims he had never seen the Star Wars franchise before .   On the show he described the films as both anti - women and anti - gay .   Also said that Darth Vader was a black man and a ` really bad racial stereotype ' . 
 Cuban - born Kathy Ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .   Bikini - loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .   Miami - based party girl is hoping to become next Kim Kardashian .   Has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries . 
 Thousands of accounts vanished from the social network last week .   Twitter said it had received numerous reports about terror - promoting users .   Decided to suspend 10,000 accounts for making threats of violence .   Suspensions were almost certainly linked to a campaign by ` hacktavist ' collective Anonymous targeting online jihadis . 
 Locals say power cuts the weekend before raid could be linked to heist .   They also tell of suspicious ` drilling ' noises on evening of Good Friday .   Group seen returning to scene on Saturday - a day after initial break - in .   Police admit they did n't respond after alarm went off early on Friday . 
 Shiraz Nawaz felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out the manhole .   The fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .   Incredibly no - one was hurt in the incident after Nawaz evacuated the area . 
 Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry was in Andaman Sea on way from resort of Krabi .   Was five miles from the coast travelling to Phuket when engine exploded .   35-metre - long boat caught fire around 3.30 pm before sinking around 6 pm .   Passengers seen throwing themselves overboard before being rescued .   No injuries reported but search will continue into tomorrow for missing girl . 
 The worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .   Field owner TH Clements & Son was alerted and the man was sacked .   Passer - by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting ' Tesco : Vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves . 
 Tim Stanley : Muhammadu Buhar won Nigeria vote on campaign against corruption .   He 's an ex - dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .   He says Jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of Boko Haram .   Buhar may be tonic to years of misrule . 
 Bulgaria 's Black Sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in Italy , Spain and Turkey .   Researchers found cheapest destination using ` imaginary shopping basket ' Cheap prices are driven by low exchange rates and country 's high inflation .   Its most popular resort of Sunny Beach copies those of Spain and Greece . 
 WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT .   Series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in Hama in Syria .   Man is handcuffed and blindfolded as he is led from a van to area of land .   He is surrounded by men with guns and executioner with a meat cleaver .   It is claimed the man was beheaded because he is an alleged ` blasphemer ' 
 Denise and Glen Higgs thought they 'd never have children .   He was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried IVF .   Couple from of Braunton , Devon , had Mazy , born three years ago .   Tried again using the same batch and had twins Carter & Carson last week . 
 Speed camera discovered pointing at house in Handsworth , Birmingham .   Fixed cameras switched off across the West Midlands in Spring of 2013 .   Site is not going to be part of a new trial using digital technology .   Obsolete camera may now be taken down after engineers examine device . 
 Charles Terreni , 18 , was found dead March 18 at a frat house in Columbia .   Terreni was a USC freshman and a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha house .   Coroner identified cause of death as alcohol poisoning .   Toxicology tests showed he had a blood alcohol of .375 .   Neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside . 
 Air strikes were launched by Saudi forces a month ago against rebels .   Saudi forces have focused on beating back Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen .   Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal pledged Bentleys for pilots involved in bombings .   He made pledge on Wednesday after bombing raids appeared to resume , despite an official announcement that they would be halted last night . 
 Brawl at Spring Gardens station in Philadelphia was captured on CCTV .   Fight involved students from nearby Benjamin Franklin High School .   At one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .   After the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train . 
 Paul and Laura Elliott met half way round at St Katharine Docks .   Ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .   Pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .   Returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .   Raised £ 7,000 for Cancer Research in honour of Paul 's father . 
 Nasr Bitar spotted Google Street View car driving around last autumn .   Decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .   Sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in Mississauga .   Picture of Nasr 's selfie and the Street View image shared 2.9 million times . 
 Rory McIlroy bidding to win his first Masters title this week at Augusta .   The Northern Irishman finished tied for eighth place last year in his best finish in Georgia .   McIlroy looking for third straight major victory after winning The Open and USPGA Championship last year .   One Direction star Niall Horan caddied for McIlroy in Wednesday 's Par-3 Contest . 
 Danny Higginbotham covers his time under Roy Keane in his new book .   He played for Keane 's Sunderland during the 2007 - 08 season .   Keane told his players ` basically you 're s * * * ' before a game with Aston Villa .   He also told one player he was ` not f * * * * * * good enough ' to play for the club . 
 Four - poster bed dumped in a hotel car park and sold at auction for £ 2,200 .   Owner suspected it had historic value and experts have been investigating .   Historian now claims DNA from the timber proves it belonged to Henry VII .   Ornate bed , now on display , was made for King and wife Elizabeth of York . 
 Attorney : Robert Bates assumed the gun was a Taser because he saw a laser sight on it .   Harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and Taser used .   In 2009 , an officer in California also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a Taser . 
 Singer arrived at artists ' entrance to gain entry to Drake 's gig .   Security told him area was at full capacity and denied admission .   A row erupted and a Coachella staffer tried to get Bieber into the gig .   But festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area . 
 Sir Philip Carter died at his home on Thursday morning after a short illness .   Carter served Everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .   Toffees chairman Bill Kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader ' 
 Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a gravity - defying feat together .   The two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer Dai Aoki .   They have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks . 
 Dayna Dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .   She loves TV , film and fashion , and says she 's not happy with how people with disabilities are represented .   The teen has created several videos during the past year aimed at changing stereotypes . 
 Manchester United take on Manchester City on Sunday .   Match will begin at 4 pm local time at United 's Old Trafford home .   Police have no objections to kick - off being so late in the afternoon .   Last late afternoon weekend kick - off in the Manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at Wembley in 2011 FA Cup semi - final . 
 Kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no - ball against Rohit Sharma in India 's World Cup match with Bangladesh .   The Bangladeshi president alleged India had used its influence in the ICC .   Governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .   But Kamal confirmed his intention to step down . 
 Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off in Las Vegas on May 2 .   Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather 's unbeaten record is a burden .   Despite that , the Welshman thinks Mayweather will beat his opponent .   READ : Ricky Hatton gives his prediction to Jeff Powell ahead of the fight .   READ : Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets FINALLY go on sale . 
 Winchester Council in Hampshire claimed annual clean - up hit by new rules .   But the Health and Safety Executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over - interpreting ' legislation .   Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish . 
 Simon Wood , 38 , from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday .   Father - of - four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .   The award - winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette . 
 Swansea 's Gerhard Tremmel in goal behind the Free Agents ' 4 - 4 - 2 .   Glen Johnson , Kolo Toure , Ron Vlaar and Luke Garbutt at the back .   James Milner , Mikel Arteta , Tom Cleverley and Jonas Gutierrez in midfield .   Burnley 's Danny Ings and Manchester United 's James Wilson up front . 
 Michigan high school students Mikenzy Snell and Matt Pliska who has Down syndrome , made plans to go to their junior prom together last year .   For their prom picture , the pair held up a sign which read : ` Real friends do n't count chromosomes ' .   The sign references the fact that people with Down syndrome have an extra copy of chromosome 21 . 
 Police say Michael Scott Shemansky came to their attention after he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son Saturday .   That same day mother Sandra Shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the home they shared in Winter Garden , Florida .   Michael Shemansky was going through a difficult divorce and neighbors believe the stress may have caused him to snap . 
 Bayern Munich beat Porto 6 - 1 in the Champions League on Tuesday .   Pep Guardiola 's side progressed 7 - 4 on aggregate to reach semi - finals .   Thomas Muller scored 27th Champions League goal to pass Mario Gomez .   Muller is now the leading German scorer in the competition .   After game Muller led the celebrations with supporters using a megaphone . 
 Domenico Rancadore given a seven - year sentence by Italian court in 1999 .   He was convicted for role as a ` man of honour ' , taking bribes from builders .   In February the Sicilian Mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to Italy .   Today it emerged that the 65-year - old 's case expired in October last year . 
 Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California .   The pup was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school .   To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched over 27,000 times .   Many viewers have deemed the dog 's cleaning antics ` cute ' and adorable ' 
 Jihadis face fines , whipping or even jail time for wearing Nike products .   Ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a Greek Goddess .   Commanders say the name also sounds like sexual slang words in Arabic .   Those living under ISIS are already banned from wearing jeans or items of clothing carrying provocative language or swear words . 
 Lorraine Bracco was asked by The Sopranos creator to be Carmela .   The actress turned him down because she played a mobster 's wife in Martin Scorsese 's Goodfellas in 1990 .   Convinced showrunner David Chase to let her play the role of Dr. Jennifer Melfi . 
 Kevin Carr set off on his epic journey from Haytor , Dartmoor in July 2013 .   He is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .   Mr Carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .   He is set to break the previous record held by an Australian by 24 hours . 
 David Axelrod masterminded two Obama presidential election victories .   He was hired by Labour leader Ed Miliband amid great fanfare last year .   Revealed at a book launch that he is not resident for tax purposes in UK .   Labour confirms it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through consultancy firm . 
 HBO is the US network behind Game of Thrones and the Sopranos .   Service is available on Apple TV and iOS exclusively for three months .   Apple has also cut the price of Apple TV system from $ 99 -LRB- £ 65 -RRB- to $ 69 . 
 Huma Abedin came under fire for not tipping at Chipotle in Iowa .   She is Hillary Clinton 's most trusted aide for the 2016 campaign .   On Saturday , she and husband Anthony Weiner went for Mexican lunch .   It is one of their final weekends before the campaign gets into swing . 
 Gary fell from 147th most popular British name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .   Reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .   Meanwhile , names including Dexter and Jenson are now in the top 100 . 
 Leanne Mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .   Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman are yet to become household names .   Will 2015 winner Stevie become a chart success or another Voice flop ? . 
 Romanian - born Alexandra Harra , 28 , has become an Instagram star .   Model , who 's posed for Playboy , posts selfies with inspirational messages .   After dyeing locks black , being hailed as a rival to Kim Kardashian . 
 Nadir Ciftci celebrated by blowing a kiss at rival goalkeeper Scott Bain .   However , Ciftci was left blushing as rivals earned impressive victory .   Win gave hosts Dundee their first derby win in more than a decade .   Goals from Greg Stewart , Jake McPake and Paul Heffernen secured win . 
 Mercedes - Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney .   Stand - out shows included Maticevski , Romance Was Born , Tome , Steven Khalil and Johanna Johnson .   Sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends . 
 Lindsay Sandiford fears she will be next to face the firing squad .   Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran killed after a final KFC bucket meal .   The 58-year - old has been on death row in Bali since 2012 .   She was convicted of attempting to smuggle £ 1.6 million of cocaine in 2012 . 
 Abby Bishop took in her two - day - old niece Zala in August 2013 .   Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional basketball teams .   Bishop said it was a big decision but she would n't change anything .   Zala will go with her when she starts playing in the U.S. WNBA in May . 
 ONE Pro Cycling preparing to take on Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins .   Tour de Yorkshire runs over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 .   Prior 's team and Yorkshire race inspired by Tour de France Grand Depart . 
 Woman reported ` someone ' had been run over , but victim was a squirrel .   Another man dialled 999 to say he dropped a burger which was ` bleeding ' East of England ambulance service warned hoax calls can cost lives . 
 Ben Flower returned from his six - month ban on Thursday night .   Wales forward made first appearance since he punched St Helens ' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's Grand Final .   27-year - old received a brilliant reception during 's Wigan 's 30 - 20 victory against Warrington . 
 Inspired by the aesthetic of the Belle Epoque era , the Jacques Garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .   A mix of Arabian and Napoleon III decor , the Pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .   Also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental . 
 Steven Finn was left out of the England squad for the West Indies tour .   The Middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .   Finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ` a carefree 21-year - old ' His last of 23 Test caps came for England back in 2013 . 
 Paul Armstrong flew to Cyprus to celebrate new job as IT project manager .   Was stopped at airport with stun gun , baton and knuckle duster in his bag .   Pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and lost his job before starting it .   26-year - old was sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended for two years . 
 Australian fashion designer Alex Perry wo n't show at this year 's MBFWA .   The designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .   This will be the designer 's second MBFWA he has missed in two decades .   Perry is now focusing on global expansion in Asia and Middle East . 
 An Indiana public school performance of American Pie ended in tragedy Wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on - stage .   More than a dozen people were injured at the Westfield High performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .   Students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people . 
 Manchester City have been linked with summer move for Raheem Sterling .   Sterling has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal .   Brendan Rodgers says a move to City would not be step up for Sterling .   Indicating it will take the Manchester club 20 years to eclipse Liverpool . 
 Up to one in five Chinese eateries could be selling soup using illegal meat .   Charity says it is often disguised on menu or only offered if requested .   Loophole lets people bring 20 kg of meat into UK for personal consumption . 
 Two types of cereal in an Easter egg with marshmallows and brownies .   Served at Black Milk cafe in Manchester 's Northern Quarter .   ` Easter is less about what is used to mean , ' cafe owner Olly Taylor said . 
 The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy .   It could fine Google more than £ 4 billion - 10 per cent of its annual revenue .   Brussels to say it uses search engine to divert traffic to its own services .   Google boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market . 
 Phil Smith , 25 , forgot his keys and scaled fence to try to get in his flat .   But teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .   He fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot .   Parents paid tribute to ` lovely son ' who worked at special needs school . 
 Emmanuel Adebayor 's current Tottenham contract runs out in 2016 .   The striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current £ 5.2 million salary before accepting a move out of White Hart Lane .   Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season . 
 John Helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .   He gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .   ` From everything I have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says Helm . 
 Rory McIlroy faced with Fifty Shades of Grey 's Jamie Dornan .   McIlroy and Dornan took part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015 .   McIlroy finished strongly to finish an impressive fourth at the Masters .   READ : It wo n't be too long before McIlroy wins a Masters . 
 Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about the governor .   Later in the program he hoarded a pint of ice cream Fallon brought out for the two to share .   When asked if he would run for president , Christie said ; ` I ' ve got a day job which keeps me busy ' . 
 Qantas ' on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using Heathrow .   The airline could loose their eight landing strips at the popular airport .   They are also facing a fine in excess of $ 38,000 for every flight that 's late .   Qantas blamed air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai airports . 
 Christopher Starrs was spared jail in an ` act of mercy ' by judge in January .   But senior judge has now said his colleague took ` his eye off the ball ' .   Nicholas Cooke QC said wheelchair - bound Starrs should have been jailed .   But added Starrs should thank his lucky stars as sentence allowed to stand . 
 Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9 - 1 in La Liga at the weekend .   Cristiano Ronaldo scored five to take his league tally to 36 for the season .   Real travel to Rayo Vallecano in a Madrid derby on Wednesday night .   Juventus won 3 - 0 at Fiorentina to reach the Coppa Italia final on Tuesday . 
 Kevin Pietersen was sacked by England 14 months ago after Ashes defeat .   Batsman scored 170 on his county cricket return for Surrey last week .   Pietersen wants to make a sensational return to the England side this year .   But Andrew Flintoff thinks time is running out for him to resurrect career . 
 If Carl Froch does n't fight in 2015 I ' m not sure he 'll be back at all .   A blockbuster with James DeGale is most likely after Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr defeat - but Anthony Dirrell has made contact .   Scott Quigg - Carl Frampton summer fight is dead in the water . 
 Clip shows mysterious black cloud hanging over the village of Shortandy .   The perfect hoop shape sat in the air not moving for more than 15 minutes .   Eerie video has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Youtube .   While some viewers are suggesting the cloud was an alien spacecraft , experts think it could have been caused by nearby factories . 
 Incredible images show handcuffed members from the notorious Barrio 18 gang being marched onto buses .   In total 1,177 were transferred to a different jail where they will mix with their arch rivals - Mara Salvatrucha .   The gang members will now no longer be classified by gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are . 