The following example will help explain the instructions, with an example Text and example sentences marked as Present or Not Present:

Text:"Amanda Oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of Periscope , Twitter 's new live broadcasting platform. The artist has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times since she joined on 14h March. She recently sold a painting for # 20,000. Ellen DEGENERES is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind Amanda with a mere three million ` loves '. While most.

1. Mark sentences Present if their meaning is present in the text, and Not Present if it is not. Example sentences with their right answer:
Amanda Oleander is 25. - Present
Amanda Oleander is from LA. - Not Present
Amanda is more popular than Ellen Degeneres. - Present (this is clear because the text says Ellen Degeneres is trailing behind Amanda in 'loves')
Ellen Degeneres is on Periscope. - Present

2. Avoid using general knowledge or information that is not included in the text:
Ellen Degeneres is a star talk show host - Not Present (this is common knowledge, but it is not present in the text)

3. Try to overlook errors in the text with grammar, punctuation, spelling, or upper case / lower case, and accept sentences as long as the meaning is clear.
Ellen Degeneres is the highest ranking star. - Present (the text says DEGENERES, but it is clear that this is the same as Degeneres)
Ellen Degeners is the highest ranking star. - Present (the spelling of Degeneres is slightly different but the meaning is clear)
Ellen Macarthur is the highest ranking star. - Not Present (the name is completely different)
Ellen Degeneres is the highest ranking street. - Not Present (the meaning is completely different)

4. Disregard parts of the text that do not make any sense, for example 'While most' at the end of the text above. <

5. Shorter/Longer names for the same person/thing are acceptable as long as the meaning is clear.
Periscope is from Twitter, Inc. - Present (it is clear that ‘Twitter, Inc.’ is a longer name for 'Twitter')
Amanda Rodriguez Oleander is 25. - Present (‘Amanda Rodriguez Oleander’, is a longer name for Amanda Oleander)
Amanda is 25. - Present (‘Amanda’, is a shorter name for Amanda Oleander)
Amanda Mulls is 25. - Not Present (Amanda Mulls is not a longer name for Amanda Oleander)

6. If a fact contains two names for a person or thing like: ‘Ellen Degeneres / Talk show host’, mark it Present if either of the names matches.
Ellen Degeneres / Talk show host has received 3 million ‘loves’. - Present (the text says that Ellen Degeneres received 3 million loves)
Oprah / Talk show host has received 3 million ‘loves’. - Not Present (the text does not say this about either ‘Oprah’ or a ‘Talk show host’)

7. Treat numbers and dates approximately and accept money amounts even if mentioned without the currency.
Amanda Oleander has been viewed almost 8 million times. - Present (text says over 7.5 million times)
Amanda Oleander joined in mid-March. - Present (text says she joined on 14th March)
Amanda Oleander joined in April. - Not Present (text says she joined in March, not April)
Amanda Oleander recently sold a painting for 20,000. - Present (text says ‘# 20,000’, i.e. 20,000 pounds)

8. If the fact is BLANK, mark it Not Present

9. Please be fair with your work. We will not approve work that is obviously insencere, and is not fully answered.
 
Thanks!
